Mateo Retegui offered to Premier League & European clubs
Apr 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/mateo-retegui-offered-premier-league-european-clubs
New Italy international Mateo Retegui has been offered to various clubs around Europe with a transfer from South America this summer looking increasingly likely, 90min understands. The 23-year-old was born and raised in Argentina, though is eligible to represent the Azzurri through his grandfather. He was surprisingly called into Roberto Mancini's squad for the March internationals as an almost universal unknown in Italy, but quickly endeared himself with two goals in his first two games for the European champions. Retegui, who is currently on loan at Club Atletico Tigre from Boca Juniors, revealed in an interview with Gazzetta dello Sport that he expects to move to Europe this summer. "Melarana [Tigre's president] said that in July it could be likely that I'll be sold. I really like the idea, it is a dream for everyone who plays football, the greatest teams are in Europe. In Italy there are great clubs, I like them all," Retegui said. "There's nothing concrete and I don’t know what’s going on, it's dad who’s taking care of the future." READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Sources have told 90min that there are indeed several Italian sides who would be interested in signing Retegui this summer. AC Milan, Inter, Lazio and Udinese are all believed to be keen. Meanwhile, Atalanta may sell Rasmus Hojlund and Napoli could move on Victor Osimhen for huge fees, with Retegui eyed as a potential replacement for either side. On the continent, Atletico Madrid, Sevilla, Eintracht Frankfurt and Union Berlin are among other teams weighing up a move for the striker. Retegui has also been offered to teams in England. Brentford, Crystal Palace, Everton, Leeds United and Leicester City have been made aware of his availability, as have Championship leaders Burnley, who could clinch promotion back to the Premier League on Good Friday. LISTEN NOW
