Chelsea Reach Agreement With Malang Sarr & Add Mike Maignan to Goalkeeper Shortlist
Aug 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-reach-agreement-malang-sarr-transfer-interest-mike-maignan
It's been a busy few days for Chelsea. The Blues are closing in on Kai Havertz, Ben Chilwell and Thiago Silva, and there may be another new face heading to Stamford Bridge imminently as former Nice defender Malang Sarr has agreed personal terms with Chelsea. The 21-year-old, who is held in high regard by many in France, left Nice when his contract expired in June and has since attracted interest from both Barcelona and Arsenal. Neither side has pulled the trigger on a move for Sarr, which allowed Chelsea to swoop in and open negotiations over a free transfer, and according to Téléfoot's Saber Desfarges, an agreement has been reached over a five-year contract. Now, here's where things get a little uncertain. While Desfarges states that Sarr will become Chelsea's next new signing, Fabrizio Romano notes that the deal is yet to be finished just yet. The Frenchman is keen to join Chelsea, who see him as another shrewd bargain signing, but he is considering a number of offers and will make a decision on his future imminently. Whether he would actually be part of Frank Lampard's first team is a different matter entirely. Sky Sports News' Kaveh Solhekol believes that Chelsea would send Sarr out on loan immediately after signing him, so Blues fans might have to wait a little before seeing him in action - assuming he does actually sign. Surely Chelsea would be done after that deal, right? Wrong. Next up - Lille's Mike Maignan. Sky Sports News note that Chelsea are keeping a close eye on the 25-year-old goalkeeper, who they see as viable competition for Kepa Arrizabalaga and who is expected to be available for around £27m this summer. Interestingly, this isn't the first time that Maignan's name has cropped up in Chelsea rumours. Back in February, he was described as the Blues' 'priority signing' for the summer, and while that hasn't proven to be completely true, it appears as though there is something to Chelsea's interest in Maignan.
