Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid to reach Mbappe agreement; Amrabat rejects Man Utd
Aug 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-reach-mbappe-agreement-amrabat-rejects-man-utd
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is prepared to pay €180m to sign Kylian Mbappe this summer but will only make his move once the Frenchman publicly confirms his desire to leave Paris Saint-Germain. (ESPN) There is also interest from Real Madrid in Bayern Munich midfielder Jamal Musiala, who is being lined up as a top transfer target for 2024. (Fichajes) Neymar has asked to leave PSG this summer and wants to return to Barcelona. (L'Equipe) Chelsea have held talks with Neymar's representatives, with co-owner Todd Boehly known to be a huge fan of the Brazilian. (RMC Sport) Despite claiming their third bid was final, Bayern Munich could return with a fourth offer to try convince Tottenham to part ways with striker Harry Kane, (Times) Bernardo Silva is close to extending his contract with Manchester City after accepting a move to Barcelona is almost impossible. (Mundo Deportivo) manual Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat has rejected the chance to join Manchester United and has chosen to play for Atletico Madrid instead. (Sport) Southampton have warned Liverpool that there will be no discounts on their £50m asking price for midfielder Romeo Lavia, for whom a £46m bid was recently rejected. (Sky Sports) Arsenal have turned down an offer from Monaco for striker Folarin Balogun. (The Athletic) Tottenham are preparing a move for Nottingham Forest forward Brennan Johnson and could offer defenders Joe Rodon and Djed Spence as makeweights to get a deal done. (Mail) Amid concerns over the price of signing Joao Cancelo, Barcelona are prepared to pay €30m (£26m) to sign Girona right-back Arnau Martinez. (Fichajes) Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino is expecting the Blues to make four new signings before the end of the transfer window: Moises Caicedo, Tyler Adams, Dusan Vlahovic and Michael Olise. (Mail+)
