Roma Expected to Submit Second Bid for Manchester United Defender Chris Smalling
Sep 24, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/roma-expected-to-submit-second-bid-for-manchester-united-defender-chris-smalling
Roma are set to submit an improved transfer bid to Manchester United for defender Chris Smalling this week, after their initial £11m offer was rejected. The Englishman enjoyed a fine loan spell at the Giallorossi last term and he was expected to complete a permanent move to Rome this summer with relative ease. There have, however, been disparities regarding the two clubs respective valuations of the player.  United are still hoping to acquire £18m for the 30-year-old centre-back. Nevertheless, Roma are determined to see Smalling return to the Stadio Olimpico permanently, with manager Paulo Fonseca confirming that he is keen to have the experienced defender in his squad for the 2020/21 campaign. “We’re working to get Smalling here,” said the Portuguese string-puller following Roma's stalemate with Verona on matchday one of the new Serie A season (via The Guardian). “I’m in contact with him and I spoke to him yesterday. He wants to be here and we want him here. He could join us in the next few days.” If Smalling was to make the switch to Rome, the Giallorossi's addition of talented centre-half Marash Kumbulla - who excelled in Ivan Juric's man-marking system at Verona - means minutes may be a little trickier to come by for the Englishman. Welcome to #ASRoma, Marash Kumbulla! ? More details ➡️ https://t.co/Axx0ZC916a pic.twitter.com/MpJq6xfwQb 21-year-old Roger Ibanez also emerged as a useful starter during the second half of last season, while Gianluca Mancini remains Fonseca's favoured option. The Red Devils defender is yet to feature this season and was left out the Carabao Cup squad which took on Luton Town on Tuesday night.  United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer confirmed the club are yet to receive an offer which matches their valuation of the 30-year-old: “At the moment, we’ve not had any bids up to the level that we want.
