Football transfer rumours: Man Utd push for Rabiot; Barcelona seek Odegaard swap
May 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-push-for-rabiot-barcelona-seek-odegaard-swap-15-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United have reignited their interest in Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot and will push to sign the Frenchman this summer. (L'Equipe) Barcelona will only entertain bids from Arsenal for Ansu Fati if they include captain Martin Odegaard as part of a swap deal. (El Nacional) Real Madrid have turned their attention to Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, who could command a fee of over £100m after leading the Italian giants to a first Serie A title in 33 years. (Fichajes) Barcelona have cooled their interest in Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves despite reports of a verbal agreement being reached with the player's agent. (SPORT) Neymar's representatives have told Paris Saint-Germain that he wants to leave the club following fan protests outside of his home. (Le Parisien) Chelsea have joined the growing list of Premier League admirers interested in Sporting CP's Manuel Ugarte. (Jornal de Noticias) Liverpool could try and tempt Newcastle into selling star midfielder Bruno Guimaraes by offering up to £85m this summer. (AS) feed Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix, currently on loan at Chelsea, wants to stay in the Premier League and is interested in joining Arsenal. (Cadena COPE)  Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi is expecting Moises Caicedo and Alexis Mac Allister to leave the club this summer amid interest from five of the Premier League's 'big six'. (Metro) Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola remains hopeful that Ilkay Gundogan will spurn the advances of Barcelona and sign a new contract. (The Athletic) Manchester United have joined Arsenal, who look to have fallen short in their bid to win a first Premier League title in 19 years, in the race for RB Leizpig defender Mohamed Simaken. (Fichajes) Bayern Munich CEO Oliver Kahn says he would talk Thomas Muller out of leaving the club if the veteran German decided he wanted to move on. (BILD)
