Football transfer rumours: Man Utd ready Amrabat bid; Raphinha eyed as Mahrez replacement
Jul 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-amrabat-raphinha-mahrez-replacement-20-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are likely to make a move for Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat once the transfers of Andre Onana and Rasmus Hojlund are finalised, though they will need to raise funds for a bid through player sales first. (Independent) Onana has now completed his United medical and should be available to join the club's pre-season tour of the United States. (Sky Sports) Barcelona could face a battle to keep hold of Raphinha, who is being lined up by Manchester City as a replacement for Riyad Mahrez. The Algeria winger is set to sign for Al Ahli. (Foot Mercato) Chelsea are weighing up a move for academy graduate Marc Guehi, who is now at Crystal Palace. The Blues were dealt a huge blow this week after fellow centre-back Wesley Fofana ruptured his ACL, potentially ruling him out for the 2023/24 season. (Guardian) Liverpool have reached an agreement with Saudi Pro League side Al Ettifaq for the sale of Jordan Henderson, who will now reunite with former teammate Steven Gerrard. (Fabrizio Romano) With Fabinho also on his way to Saudi Arabia, Liverpool will battle PSG for the signing of Crystal Palace midfielder Cheick Doucoure. (Evening Standard) Saudi Pro League clubs are working on a new proposal for Chelsea outcast Romelu Lukaku, who is also a target for Juventus after a potential return to Inter broke down. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Kyle Walker has told Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola that he wants to join Bayern Munich this summer. (Sky Germany) Real Madrid and Barcelona face significant competition from Bournemouth for Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda, who was previously wanted by Arsenal. (Football Insider) Tottenham are ready to fight West Ham for Conor Gallagher, with Chelsea open to a £40m sale. (Football Insider) Arsenal first made contact over Southampton's Romeo Lavia a few weeks ago, but they are keeping their options open. (Paul Brown) Newcastle have agreed a £38m deal with Leicester for winger Harvey Barnes, fending off rival interest from West Ham and Aston Villa in the process. (The Athletic)
