Transfer rumours: Kane open to Man Utd move; Liverpool eyeing Mount move
Jan 21, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-kane-open-to-man-utd-move-liverpool-eyeing-mount-move-21-1-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are looking into how they could sign Harry Kane from Tottenham this summer, while the England captain is believed to be open to a move to Old Trafford. Bayern Munich are continuing to monitor his situation. (Daily Mail) Roberto Firmino has revealed he would prefer to extend his Liverpool contract rather than leave as a free agent this summer - a stance shared by manager Jurgen Klopp. (Fabrizio Romano) Arsenal are readying a loan bid for Real Madrid midfielder Eduardo Camavinga, though it's currently unknown whether Los Blancos would sanction such a deal mid-season. (Evening Standard) The Gunners are also closing in on the signing of Poland defender Jakub Kiwior from Spezia for a fee north of £20m. (Sky Sports) Chelsea have been linked with another young player, because of course they have. Next up is Lyon right-back Malo Gusto. (L'Equipe) On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss all the big transfer stories. This week's agenda includes Jude Bellingham, Harry Kane, Declan Rice, Hakim Ziyech, Leandro Trossard, Pedro Porro, Mykhaylo Mudryk and more! If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! While Anthony Elanga continues to be linked with a loan move to Borussia Dortmund, Manchester United are considering a a similar approach for BVB legend Marco Reus. (Caught Offside) Chelsea are determined to tie Mason Mount down to a new contract, not least because Liverpool will step up their interest this summer should talks continue to rumble on. (Guardian) Another player potentially leaving Chelsea is Hakim Ziyech, who would like to move to Barcelona. Newcastle are also interested in the Moroccan. (SPORT) Nicolo Zaniolo has been dropped by Roma for this weekend's game against Spezia as talks over potential moves to Tottenham or West Ham go on. (Sky Sport Italia)
