Sergio Romero Free to Leave Man Utd Following Return of Dean Henderson
Sep 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sergio-romero-free-to-leave-man-utd-following-return-of-dean-henderson-transfer
Manchester United goalkeeper Sergio Romero is free to leave the club this summer following the return of Dean Henderson from loan, but the Red Devils are searching for between £8-10m for his services.  The 33-year-old shot stopper was the regular pick in cup matches for United last season, but he was dropped by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for his side's FA Cup and Europa League semi-final clashes with Chelsea and Sevilla respectively. This was despite the fact he had kept 12 clean sheets from his 17 appearances in 2019/20.  Additionally, Henderson - who was on loan with Sheffield United last season - has since returned to the club and signed a new long-term contract as he prepares to compete with David de Gea for a starting spot in 2020/21. This has seen Romero increasingly linked with a move away from Old Trafford.  The Athletic now report that the Argentinian is 'available' this summer, but the Red Devils are holding out for around £8-10m for his services. It's claimed discussions were held regarding a new contract for Romero not too long ago, with his current deal due to expire next summer.  But Solskjaer's decision to drop him in the semi-finals of the FA Cup and then again in the last four of the Europa League all but ended the chances of Romero signing a new deal. The goalkeeper was left majorly disappointed by Solskjaer's decisions and work is 'now being done' to secure a move away from Old Trafford. Romero has also not been informed of his role for next season by the club, even after Henderson signed his new contract. There are a number of teams interested in his services, most notably Aston Villa. It has even been suggested United could use Romero as part of a deal to bring Jack Grealish to the club, but the Athletic claim this is less likely now with the Red Devils set to announce the arrival of Donny van de Beek. 
