Newcastle Confirm New Contracts for Andy Carroll and Javier Manquillo
Jun 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-confirm-new-contracts-for-andy-carroll-and-javier-manquillo
Newcastle have announced that Andy Carroll and Javier Manquillo have agreed new contracts, while youngster Matty Longstaff has penned a short-term extension until the end of the season.  The trio's deals were set to expire on 30 June but all will now remain at St James Park until the end of the 2019/20 Premier League campaign.  ✍️ #NUFC are pleased to confirm that Andy Carroll has signed a new one-year deal with the club.Great to have you on board, @AndyTCarroll! ? Carroll rejoined his boyhood club last summer and has made 15 appearances this season, racking up five assists, including one in the Magpies' recent 1-1 draw with Aston Villa. He has signed a one-year extension to his current deal. Right-back Manquillo, meanwhile, arrived in 2017 from Atletico Madrid after previous enjoying loan spells at English sides Liverpool and Sunderland. The Spaniard has played 15 games this season and has penned terms until 2024 at the club.   Meanwhile, Longstaff - who has been linked with a move away from the north east recently - has also agreed to remain a Magpie until the end of the season at least, while Danny Rose and Nabil Bentaleb have extended their loan deals.  Newcastle manager Steve Bruce revealed his delight at the news in an interview published on the club's website.  "I'm really pleased that we have been able to put these extensions in place and I'd like to thank the players for committing themselves to the club with some very important games left to play," Bruce said.  "We have been proactive in trying to reach these agreements and they will give us the best chance of finishing the season as strongly as possible. "I'm delighted Javier Manquillo and Andy Carroll have extended their contracts longer term.  Dwight Gayle opens the scoring for the Magpies! ? A post shared by  Newcastle United FC (@nufc) on Jun 24, 2020 at 11:34am PDT
