West Ham advancing talks with Sassuolo over Gianluca Scamacca
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-advancing-talks-sassuolo-gianluca-scamacca
West Ham are holding further talks with Sassuolo over towering striker Gianluca Scamacca, 90min can confirm. The Hammers have previously been in contact with the Serie A side about Scamacca and his teammate Giacomo Raspadori, as David Moyes looks to provide competition up front for Michail Antonio. Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in signing the 23-year-old, with talks confirmed by a Sassuolo director in June, but they are also in the market for Reims forward Hugo Ekitike - who for many months was Newcastle United's number one transfer target. PSG's hierarchy are currently split over whether to pursue Scamacca or Ekitike, though it's entirely possible that the club may look to sign both if Mauro Icardi departs the Parc des Princes this summer. But West Ham's interest in Scamacca, who is now featuring regularly for Roberto Mancini in the Italian national team, hasn't wavered and 90min understands that talks are advancing over a move to London Stadium. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! He scored 16 goals during an impressive 2021/22 Serie A campaign and his performances saw him linked with a big-money move to Arsenal earlier in the window, although the Gunners have since signed Gabriel Jesus from Man City. Chelsea striker Armando Broja is also a major target for West Ham and there's an expectation that the club will explore a deal for him too - he shone during a loan spell with Southampton last season and could be allowed to leave Stamford Bridge on a permanent basis.
