Transfer rumours: Atletico's Felix demands; Man Utd move for Weghorst
Jan 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-atletico-felix-demands-man-utd-move-for-weghorst-8-1-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Atletico Madrid will allow Joao Felix to leave the club this window if they receive a £9.5m loan fee plus a commitment to buy the forward for £70m at the end of the season. Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United are exploring a deal. (Daily Mirror) Another forward on the market this month is Borussia Monchengladbach's Marcus Thuram, who is in talks with Chelsea over a potential move. The France forward's contract expires at the end of the season and he is wanted by the likes of Bayern Munich, Inter and Newcastle. (Fabrizio Romano) Real Madrid are also weighing up whether to offer a contract to Thuram ahead of the expiration of his deal at Gladbach. (Fichajes) Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo is changing agents amid links to Chelsea and Liverpool in recent months. (CaughtOffside) However, the Blues and the Reds have been warned by Brighton CEO Paul Barber that it would take a huge fee in order for them to sell Caicedo. (Metro) Barcelona have joined Tottenham in the race to sign right-back Pedro Porro from Sporting CP. The Spaniard has a release clause of €45m. (Record) Elsewhere at Barcelona, they are close to agreeing a deal to sign Ruben Neves from Wolves, who want either Franck Kessie or Nico Gonzalez in a part-exchange deal. (SPORT) Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd’s interest in Mohammed Kudus, Enzo Fernandez and Chelsea, Jude Bellingham's decision and Mykhaylo Mudryk's preferred move. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Manchester United have made an offer to sign Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley. He is currently in the middle of a season-long loan at Besiktas and so a deal would require a further agreement in order to be sealed. (The Athletic) Croatia and RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol expects Chelsea to make another bid for him this month after failing to secure his signature in the summer, while he has admitted he was a boyhood fan of Liverpool. (Danas)
