Marcos Rojo in talks with Boca Juniors over Man Utd exit
Jan 5, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/marcos-rojo-talks-with-boca-juniors-transfer-man-utd-exit
Manchester United centre-back Marcos Rojo is in talks with Boca Juniors over a potential return to Argentina this month. The 30-year-old, who hasn't played for United since November 2019, has entered the final six months of his contract at Old Trafford and is widely expected to leave the club in the near future. According to Argentinian outlet Ole, it could be Boca who take Rojo off United's hands as the defender's representatives have confirmed that they are in talks with the president of the Argentinian side, Juan Roman Riquelme. Rojo is believed to have discussed a three-year contract with Boca, who are yet to actually lodge a formal bid with United. While reports in England have suggested that Rojo would be keen to stay in the Premier League and join either Newcastle or Sheffield United, this report specifically questions those claims and stresses that Rojo would not be against a return to Argentina - something later backed up by the Daily Mail. It's worth noting that Rojo did try and urge United to extend his loan with fellow Argentinian side Estudiantes during the summer as he felt settled in his homeland with his wife and children, so there could be something to this one. Terms are yet to be agreed with United, who are keen to get Rojo's wages off the books. It could all come down to whether the Red Devils are prepared to let Rojo walk for free or if they will try and demand a transfer fee. Boca are well aware of United's desire to offload Rojo but have accepted that they may have to wait until the summer to bring the 30-year-old in on a free transfer when his current contract expires, so it seems as though the ball is in United's court. United hope to free up some funds to sign a centre-back of their own, with the likes of Villarreal's Pau Torres and Brighton's Ben White under consideration at Old Trafford.
