West Ham rival Crystal Palace for Swansea midfielder Flynn Downes
Jul 6, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-rival-crystal-palace-swansea-midfielder-flynn-downes
West Ham United are in talks with Swansea over a deal for midfielder Flynn Downes, 90min can confirm. The 23-year-old, who is a boyhood Hammers fan, has been at Swansea for just a single season, and made 37 appearances in the Championship last year after joining from Ipswich for around £1.5m. Downes has been on the radar of Crystal Palace, who enjoyed a fine first season under the management of Patrick Vieira, with the Eagles looking to strengthen their options in central midfield after Conor Gallagher returned to Chelsea after a successful loan spell. But their bid to sign Downes is under serious threat from a West Ham side also in need of extra bodies in the middle of the park. Mark Noble has retired and Alex Kral has returned to Spartak Moscow after a disappointing loan at London Stadium, leaving Declan Rice and Tomas Soucek - and attacking duo Pablo Fornals and Manuel Lanzini to a lesser extent - as the club's only senior options. 90min understands that West Ham are pressing ahead with their interest in Downes, which was first established during the January transfer window, and talks have opened with Swansea over a potential transfer. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! A bid for Lille midfielder Amadou Onana was turned down last week, providing further evidence that manager David Moyes is keen to bolster his options ahead of a second consecutive season of continental football - West Ham will appear in the Europa Conference League during 2022/23 having reached the semi-finals of the Europa League last year.
