Transfer news LIVE: Vlahovic joins Juventus, Aubameyang's exit offers, Kulusevski on Spurs radar
Jan 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-news-live-20220128
Welcome to 90min's daily transfer live blog, keeping you up to date with all the latest breaking news, reports and rumours from all across the globe. Things are really starting to heat up now. With just a few days until the window closes, teams are starting to spring into action and the transfers are finally starting to fly in. Dusan Vlahovic has sealed his Juventus move, and after missing out on Adama Traore, Tottenham appear set to falter in their pursuit of another target, with Liverpool stepping in at the last minute to strike a deal for Porto's Luis Diaz. The fun is just getting started, and you can keep up to date with all the biggest updates right here. Head back over to 90min tomorrow for more transfer news, rumours and reports. Until then, have a good evening! Well, no one ever said Dusan Vlahovic's move to Juventus was ever going to be cheap, but here's how his transfer breaks down: Unfortunately Everton fans, this isn't the 2000s and you won't be getting Frank Lampard the player - but he has been offered the manager's job. You can read 90min's full story here. Bryan Gil, we hardly knew ye. The floppy-haired starlet has hardly had a look-in at Spurs since his summer move from Sevilla, and Fabrizio Romano is reporting that Valencia are 'confident' that they will land Gil on loan until the end of the season. After watching top striker target Dusan Vlahovic sign for Juventus, Arsenal have another Serie A frontman in their sights. Gazzetta dello Sport write that the Gunners are keen on Victor Osimhen, but that Napoli will demand a fee in the range of the £75m Fiorentina received for Vlahovic. 90min has been informed that Reims prodigy Hugo Ekitike could still leave the club this window amid interest from Newcastle, West Ham, Arsenal and Spurs. You can read the full story here. While Barcelona's interest in Alvaro Morata has quickly become old news, they are not alone in vying for his signature. The Daily Mirror write that Tottenham want him in addition to Juventus teammate Dejan Kulusevki before Monday night's deadline. 90min understands that West Ham are in talks with Marseille over the loan signings of Duje Caleta-Car and Bamba Dieng. You can read the full story here. Despite signing Chris Wood from relegation rivals Burnley earlier this month, Newcastle are still in the market for another striker. Calciomercato write that Torino and Italy frontman Andrea Belotti has knocked back aan approach from the Magpies as he's holding out for a move to Milan. As reported earlier, Lyon are interested in signing Giovani Lo Celso on loan as a replacement for Bruno Guimaraes. However, Fabrizio Romano reports that Tottenham want any bidding club to cover 100% of the Argentine's wages, while Lyon are also eyeing Brest's Romain Faivre. Following the arrival of Dusan Vlahovic at Juventus, rumours in Italy suggest Dejan Kulusevski could be on his way out of the club. La Repubblica claim the Sweden international could be announced as a Tottenham player as soon as this evening... The biggest and best deal of the transfer window is complete, as Dusan Vlahovic joins Juventus from Fiorentina. He'll wear the no.7 shirt - for now at least... ???, ??????, #???! ?✅ pic.twitter.com/xXWgK8oxdZ Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca has already decided his next move, amid interest from Borussia Dortmund and AC Milan. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the frontman only has eyes for Scudetto holders Inter, who hope to sign the 23-year-old in the summer. Atletico Madrid want to sign Aston Villa's Matty Cash as a replacement for Kieran Trippier, so say The Athletic. However, the Midlands club do not want to sell this month and the Poland international is enjoying his football under Steven Gerrard. Dusan Vlahovic has signed his Juventus contract having passed his medical earlier today, according to Goal. Now it's simply a matter of waiting until the deal is announced. Some signing... A potentially huge story to bring you this evening... West Ham are interested in Leeds talisman Raphinha, and could test their Premier League rivals' resolve to keep the Brazilian before Monday's transfer deadline. 90min understands that the 25-year-old has become a target for the Hammers, who are enjoying another excellent Premier League campaign, and a bid could be made in the next few days... Certainly one to keep an eye on... Difficult to keep up with the midfield gossip surrounding Tottenham/ Juventus/ Lyon this evening... If it wasn't already convoluted enough, Lyon have now been linked with Rodrigo Bentancur by Goal in Italy - joining Spurs and Aston Villa in the hunt. More Tottenham midfielder news! Sky Italia reckon Spurs have a rival interest in Aston Villa target Rodrigo Bentancur, who has already been subject to a bid from the Midlands club. 90min understands Juventus are reluctant to let him go, however. Romano has thrown up another rumour, this time claiming that Giovani Lo Celso is wanted by Lyon as a potential replacement for Newcastle-bound Bruno Guimaraes. Lo Celso is among the midfielders Tottenham are open to leaving this month alongside Tanguy Ndombele and Dele Alli. Tottenham may have to move quickly to wrap up a deal for Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat with other clubs apparently circling, according to the 'Here We Go' man Fabrizio Romano. 90min understands Spurs have told Fiorentina they want a loan, but the details including length and whether there is any obligation to buy are yet to be ironed out. We have signed South Korean international winger Jeong Sang-bin! The 19 year-old has headed to @gc_zuerich on loan to continue his development.??✍️ pic.twitter.com/URG854fRr5 Reports in France have said William Saliba hopes to stay with Marseille, while English outlets have tipped him to return to Arsenal when his loan expires. Basically, nobody knows - not even Saliba. "The only thing I can say is that I'm happy in Marseille. I love the city, the club, the fans, the team... Everything is going well.  "I don't know what will happen in six months. Last year, when I was in Nice for the same period (on loan), I did not know that I would play in Marseille. Things happen so quickly in football. I don't want to think about the future. I'm going to give it my all. Then there will be talks this summer." Spurs are pushing to sign Dejan Kulusevski, and Calciomercato reckon they know the terms of their bid. An initial loan with an obligation to buy for somewhere close to the €35m Juve paid to sign Kulusevski is thought to be on the table, and both club and player are ready to accept. Adama Traore had been expected to join Tottenham earlier in the window, but he's now on the cusp of re-joining Barcelona, and Cuatro reckon they know why. The feeling is that Traore wasn't interested in playing as a wing-back under Antonio Conte and only wants to play in his natural role in attack. We are delighted to announce the signing of Andy Carroll. Who joins the club until the end of the season.Welcome, Andy. ? We had a little info on Juventus' desire to sign Jorginho earlier today, and now Gazzetta dello Sport have added to the fun. Talks are already on with the Chelsea midfielder, and while he's not desperate to leave Stamford Bridge, he could be lured back with the promise of an intriguing project like that on offer at Juventus. Giovanni Albanese has now added that Kulusevski has already said yes to a move to Tottenham, so it's now down to the two clubs to figure out a deal. It's all systems go for Dusan Vlahovic, who is one step closer to joining Juventus in this month's biggest deal. Numerous reports have indicated that he has passed his medical and is now just a signature away from joining the club. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Newcastle are pushing for a deal to sign Arsenal striker Eddie Nketiah, who could move on a permanent basis in the coming days. You can read all about that here. Tottenham are looking into signing Juventus forward Dejan Kulusevski, says David Ornstein. The Swede has been linked with Arsenal and Everton already this window, but Spurs are exploring a deal of their own. Barcelona have been pursuing Alvaro Morata all month and even though time is running out, they remain confident of getting a deal done. Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang is always an option too... Read the full story here. In case you missed it this morning, Arsenal are set to sign Matt Turner from New England Revolution, potentially opening the door for Bernd Leno to leave the club before the end of the month. Read the full story here.  Liverpool are close to landing Porto's Luis Diaz, and according to AS, that move only came about because of a failed approach for Atletico's Matheus Cunha. An approach to Atletico was swiftly knocked back, and the Spanish side hope that Diaz's imminent move to Anfield should end this one for now. Foot Mercato claim that Donny van de Beek's move to Crystal Palace is '90% complete'. It was reported earlier that Van de Beek is confident of getting his exit from Man Utd in the coming days, and we might just be one step closer to that now. Barcelona and Juventus have both made offers to take Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on loan from Arsenal, says David Ornstein. His future will hinge on that of Alvaro Morata, who is on loan at Juventus but is Barcelona's primary transfer target for the remainder of the window. Valencia have confirmed the signing of former Barcelona midfielder Ilaix Moriba on loan from RB Leipzig. Newcastle are close to completing the signing of Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon, and Eddie Howe doesn't expect the club to stop there. "We are hopeful of getting closer to completing a transfer for a player. From my perspective, I don't imagine that would be the end. Whether that turns into reality, who knows. "Things change very late in this window as everybody knows, it can be quite unpredictable in the last couple of days, with lots of things maybe happening that we didn't expect." Juventus have rejected a £20m bid from Aston Villa for midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur, per Sky Italia. 90min understands Juve are not prepared to sell the midfielder unless they can bring in a replacement, but that is looking increasingly unlikely. Juventus 'will do everything' to sign Chelsea's Jorginho when the summer window opens, according to TuttoMercatoWeb. Jorginho is out of contract in 2023. GdS also state that AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie is prepared to reject the chance to join Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer. He wants to stay in Italy, where Inter and Juventus are watching him. Gazzetta dello Sport report that Borussia Dortmund have launched a €45m bid for Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca. The 23-year-old has nine goals in 22 games in Serie A this season. They've missed out on Dusan Vlahovic. They've missed out on Adama Traore. They've missed out on Luis Diaz. But Spurs are back in business... sort of. They've had a bid accepted for Lewes' non-league starlet Ollie Tanner. The 19-year-old winger is yet to decide his future but the offer of a move to Spurs is there. With their efforts to sign Arthur on loan failing, Arsenal have been tipped to reignite their pursuit of Juventus forward Dejan Kulusevski. Reports coming out of Italy state that Arsenal will soon rival Everton for his signature, and the Gunners could have the upper hand as Kulusevski isn't particularly sold on a move to Goodison Park. Donny van de Beek is feeling good about his chances of leaving Man Utd this month, say the Manchester Evening News. The Dutchman is frustrated with his lack of minutes and is being eyed up by Crystal Palace, Newcastle and Borussia Dortmund. El Chiringuito state that Barcelona president Joan Laporta is in Madrid trying to negotiate a deal to sign Atletico's Alvaro Morata, who is on loan with Juventus. Juventus are happy to cut their loan short after signing Dusan Vlahovic, but Atletico don't want to lose Morata as they want him to replace Luis Suarez for next season. Centre-back is an area in which Eddie Howe really wants to strengthen at Newcastle, but so far, they've struggled to land their targets. A fresh bid for Brighton's Dan Burn has been rumoured, and now Jeremiah St. Juste of Mainz has been added to the shortlist as well. Barcelona chief Mateu Alemany met with Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling this month, according to Sport, only to recommend that the club avoid signing him. Alemany had no doubts about Sterling's ability but felt he would not adapt to life in Spain fast enough, so Barcelona moved for Adama Traore instead. Neil Jones claims that Liverpool have arranged a medical for Luis Diaz in Argentina, where Colombia are due to travel tonight. Club officials are already en route. Jose Mourinho is still urging Roma to pursue a deal for Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, according to numerous outlets in Italy. A summer bid is expected but Mourinho is demanding Roma attempt to sign Xhaka immediately. Reports in Spain claim that Real Madrid chief Juni Calafat has flown to Monaco for talks over Aurelien Tchouameni. Real want him in the summer and are trying to move early to ensure they get him ahead of the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United. Everton are keen to strike a deal to sign Chelsea's Ruben Loftus-Cheek, say the Daily Mail. The Toffees are desperate for midfield reinforcements but could be frustrated here as Chelsea aren't desperate to lose Loftus-Cheek. #Juventus: #Vlahovic è arrivato al J Medical per sottoporsi alle visite mediche // Vlahovic has arrived at J Medical to undergo his medical tests ahead of his move to Juventus ??⚪️⚫️@Goalitalia @Goal pic.twitter.com/jom8ojiIky PSG are bracing themselves for Kylian Mbappe's departure and a handful of French journalists have named Marcus Rashford as their preferred replacement. The Ligue 1 leaders are speaking to Rashford's agent and hope to convince the forward to leave Man Utd in the summer. The Sun state that Wolves are confident they will be able to hold on to midfielder Ruben Neves this month. Arsenal and Manchester United are both knocking on Neves' door but the feeling is that neither will be doing a deal in January. Even with Diaz heading in at Anfield, Liverpool appear set to keep Japan forward Takumi Minamino beyond the end of the window. 90min understands that approaches from both Leeds and Monaco for the 27-year-old have been swiftly knocked back, although an exit hasn't been ruled out just yet. Tottenham wanted him, but Liverpool look to be getting him. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool are on the cusp of landing Porto forward Luis Diaz for a cool €60m. Not bad. Read more about that here.
