Isco Requests to Leave Real Madrid in January Transfer Window
Nov 21, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/isco-requests-to-leave-real-madrid-in-january-transfer-window
Real Madrid midfielder Isco has 'made his intentions' to leave the club in January clear, with the Spanish giants willing to part ways with the player if their valuation is met.  The 28-year-old has fallen down the pecking order at the Bernabeu, particularly following the return of Marco Asensio (from injury) and Martin Odegaard (from his loan spell away). Indeed, Isco has managed just six appearances so far in 2020/21, with just three of these coming from the start.  Isco has been linked with a move away from Madrid as a result of his lack of game time, and AS now report that those close to the player have confirmed his desire to make a January move elsewhere once the transfer window opens.  Los Blancos are willing to sell the player, but only if a club meets their valuation. Indeed, this will be crucial as they look to raise money to help with potential investments next summer - Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe remains a top target, for example.  The report does not mention just how much Madrid are looking for, although with his contract due to expire in 2022, the club are running out of time to command a high price for the creative midfielder.  Isco actually began the season very aware of the competition for places within the squad, especially with Asensio and Odegaard returning to action. AS report that he made it 'clear' to everyone involved with the club that he planned to stay and fight for his place, but having failed to make much of an impact so far this term, it appears as though his view with regards to this matter has changed.  Of course, Isco also became the most recent player to be placed on boss Zinedine Zidane's 'black list' towards the end of October after he was caught on camera complaining about the Frenchman's decision making. Such comments will have only pushed him closer to the exit door. 
