Fulham Become Shock Contender in Race for Tottenham Target Milan Skriniar 
Sep 30, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/fulham-become-shock-contender-race-tottenham-transfer-target-milan-skriniar
Fulham are set to go to war with Tottenham Hotspur over the signature of Inter star Milan Skriniar, in an incredibly ambitious move from the newly promoted Premier League side.  It goes without saying that the Cottagers are in desperate need of upgrading their defensive options, having conceded at least three goals in each of their three opening top-flight matches - a string of results which already sees them rooted to the bottom of the table.  Fulham owner Tony Khan took to Twitter to assure supporters that the club was doing everything in its power to sign a central defender before the end of the transfer window, following a humiliating 3-0 defeat to Aston Villa on Monday evening.  And it appears that the Whites may be aiming extremely high in their search to shore up the defence. The Sun reports that Inter superstar Skriniar is on Fulham's radar, and the Premier League strugglers are prepared to challenge fellow interested party Spurs and launch a daring bid for the 25-year-old.  The Slovakia international has been linked with a move away from Milan all summer, and Jose Mourinho's side have appeared to be the most likely destination for the defender. The North Londoners are in the market for a centre-back, and as relayed by Fabrizio Romano, they are 'in talks' with I Nerazzurri over a €60m deal. However, it remains a 'complicated' transaction.  I should + will apologize repeatedly for that performance. I’m sorry everybody. We all need to do a better job. Everyone at the club for the past year worked really hard to get the team up, & now we need to work significantly harder to stay up. I promise better efforts than today Spurs are in pole position to land Skriniar, but are growing frustrated by Inter's reluctance to budge on the enormous fee, and the Lilywhites are beginning to look elsewhere to bolster their defence. 
