RB Leipzig confirm signing of Benjamin Sesko from 2023
Aug 9, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/rb-leipzig-confirm-signing-of-benjamin-sesko-from-2023
RB Leipzig have confirmed they have agreed to sign young striker Benjamin Sesko from Red Bull Salzburg at the end of the current season. The 19-year-old Slovenia international had attracted interest from a number of European heavyweights, including Manchester United and Chelsea, but has instead opted to remain in the Red Bull setup with a move to Leipzig. Sesko will remain with Salzburg for the 2022/23 campaign before moving to the Bundesliga in 2023, with a five-year contract already inked with Leipzig. "I’m very happy to be able to make the move to RB Leipzig in 2023 and that the transfer is now confirmed," Sesko said. "RB Leipzig are one of the best clubs in Germany and are establishing themselves as one of the best in Europe year on year. A success story has been written here in just a few years and I want to be a part of it in the future. "The club’s philosophy of placing trust in young players and playing attractive, attacking football is a perfect fit for me. The city, the stadium and the whole infrastructure at RB Leipzig, as well as the many good discussions with the club, convinced me that this move is absolutely the right decision. My focus is now on the season with Salzburg, that I want to use to continue developing and be as successful as possible." Technical director Christopher Vivell added: "Benjamin Sesko is one of Europe’s best young talents and has a great amount of potential to become one of the best.  "He offers a lot in his game, he’s extremely fast, has a great jumping reach and is strong in the air. Benjamin has a true eye for goal and, despite his height, is technically gifted and mobile. His qualities make him a unique and special player. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
