Danny Rose 'Wants Full Value of Remaining Tottenham Deal' to Terminate Contract Early
Oct 27, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/danny-rose-wants-full-value-of-remaining-tottenham-deal-to-terminate-contract-early
Tottenham defender Danny Rose 'wants' the club to pay him the full value of his remaining deal in order to part ways with the north Londoners before his contract expires at the end of the season. The 30-year-old is not in Jose Mourinho's plans and this was made even clearer when he was not even included in Spurs' 25-man Premier League squad. Rose was linked with a move to a number of clubs during the recent transfer window, although he was unable to secure a departure from the club he joined aged 17.  Football Insider report that while Rose still has a contract with Spurs until next summer, the club are 'trying' to reach an agreement with the player to terminate his deal early. However, Rose is expected to turn down any payout on reduced terms. This is because the defender is looking for Tottenham to part ways with the full £2.5m+ remaining on his deal if he is to leave the club early. Football Insider report that there was interest in Rose from Watford late in the transfer window, but they were unable to conclude a deal before the deadline. As well as not being included in the Premier League squad, Rose also didn't make the cut for the Europa League either. Rose fell even further down the pecking order following the arrival of Sergio Reguilon, who has made an excellent start to life in north London.  #️⃣ ? Our Premier League squad numbers for the 2020/21 season have been confirmed!View the full list ⤵️#THFC ⚪️ #COYS Rose has made 214 appearances in all competitions for Spurs since joining back in the summer of 2007. However, he joined Newcastle for the second half of the 2019/20 campaign as he went in search of game time. There was a hope that the Magpies would make the move permanent, but they opted against this and instead signed Jamal Lewis from Norwich.
