Rennes director admits Eduardo Camavinga could be sold this summer
Jun 29, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/rennes-director-admits-eduardo-camavinga-sold-transfer
Rennes director Florian Maurice has confirmed that the club will look to sell midfield prodigy Eduardo Camavinga this summer if he refuses to extend his contract. The 18-year-old Frenchman is among the most highly-rated youngsters in world football, with Real Madrid, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain all keeping a close eye on him as he enters the final year of his contract. United are understood to have scheduled a meeting with Camavinga's representatives in the coming days to discuss a move, and Maurice has now confessed that Rennes will hold their own meeting with the teenager to figure out what the future holds for him. “We will have discussions with him tomorrow to find out his desire and his determination,” Maurice told TV Rennes (via Canal Supporters). “I’m calm because we have a situation where there is a player who is still at Stade Rennes. It seems that important clubs are looking at the player. Now we are waiting to see. I think Eduardo won’t want to leave Rennes free. So either we will find an agreement this summer with a club, or we will find a solution to extend.” Maurice was then quizzed directly about the interest from Real, PSG and United, but refused to confirm whether those were the 'important clubs' pursuing Camavinga. The director also dismissed reports from France saying Rennes would hold out for a fee of €100m (£86m), suggesting the young midfielder could be available for a smaller sum. "There are certainly clubs that want Eduardo, but he also has a price and there’ll also have to be an agreement at that level," Maurice added. "The amount of a transfer is tied to the performance of the player and the finances of the clubs that want the player. "I've never spoken of €100m  but this is a player who went international in September and who perhaps had a slightly more delicate season. But I still have confidence in Eduardo’s quality.”
