West Ham interested in Udinese defender Rodrigo Becao
Jan 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-interested-udinese-defender-rodrigo-becao
West Ham remain keen to bring in a new central defender in January, 90min understands, with Udinese's Rodrigo Becao one of a number of players under consideration. Interest in Everton's Michael Keane was previously revealed by 90min, with West Ham keen to strengthen their options at the back despite bringing in promising Sao Paulo prospect Luizao at the beginning of the month. David Moyes' desire to add further depth is perhaps an indication that the Hammers are prepared to allow Craig Dawson to join Wolves - 90min followed up on the interest from Julen Lopetegui's side on Friday morning - if the terms are right, though it's likely a move will only be sanctioned once a replacement has been sourced. As it stands, Moyes isn't close to making a signing, despite the interest in Becao, but the Scot did confirm in his latest press conference that an offer had been received, and 'not accepted', for 32-year-old Dawson. Sources have told 90min that 26-year-old Brazilian defender Becao is one of many players to have been watched by West Ham's recruitment team, with a view to making a loan with an option to buy offer, but their shortlist of potential signings is extensive. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Chelsea’s hectic transfer strategy, Man Utd’s pursuit of Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, Leandro Trossard’s Brighton future and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast!  West Ham are also in the market for a new forward, with 90min previously reporting on interest in Sevilla's Youssef En-Nesyri and Lorient's Terem Moffi. Moroccan World Cup star En-Nesyri has since distanced himself from a move to the capital, while Moffi is a target for other Premier League and Ligue 1 clubs.
