Newcastle confident of beating Chelsea to Anthony Gordon
Jan 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-confident-of-beating-chelsea-to-anthony-gordon
Newcastle United are confident of sealing a deal to sign Anthony Gordon and talks are progressing with Everton over a deal, 90min understands. Sources have told 90min that the England Under-21 forward is open to moving this month, and a transfer to Newcastle does appeal to him. Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has insisted the club are doing their homework on the player, and 90min revealed earlier this week that reports on Gordon were very good. The Magpies liked the player last summer and now feel he could be the ideal addition as they look to bolster their squad ahead of the second half of the season. 90min understands that a deal worth close to £40m is likely to be accepted by Everton, with Newcastle ideally looking to pay £30m up front plus £10m in add-ons. Everton rejected £45m from Chelsea in the summer, and they do remain interested in the player. The Blues are considering an offer that would see Gordon stay on loan at Goodison Park to help in their fight against relegation, while Newcastle want to bring him in now. On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss some of the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Speaking after Newcastle's victory over Southampton in the first leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final on Tuesday, Howe insisted he was not aware of how the prospective deal for Gordon was progressing. "Honestly, I’ve got no idea [whether there have been developments over the Gordon deal]. I’ve been preparing for the game, so I’ve got no idea. But I wouldn’t comment on individual players anyway," he said. "I’ve got no idea if we’ve got any closer to anything, but we’re actively looking, I have said that. But as of tonight, I have no update." Newcastle are also doing work on other possible deals. They retain an interest in Chelsea's Hakim Ziyech, who has already been told he can leave this month. Interestingly, Newcastle's interest in a new forward has not gone down too well with Allan Saint-Maximin.
