Ruben Neves ready to leave Wolves this summer
Apr 27, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/ruben-neves-ready-leave-wolves-summer
Ruben Neves is ready to leave Wolves this summer, 90min understands, with Arsenal, Tottenham, Manchester United, Barcelona and Atletico Madrid among the sides keeping tabs on the midfielder.  Neves is currently sidelined with a knee injury but he had been an important player for Bruno Lage's side this season, registering four goals in 31 appearances. His fine form this term is typical of his time in England, and the Portuguese has long been linked with a move away from Molineux. Indeed, 90min revealed in January that Manchester United - tipped to make a move last summer - remained interested in a transfer. Neves has intimated to Wolves that he wishes to explore other options, and although no club can be considered a frontrunners at the moment, there are plenty of sides monitoring the situation. Arsenal, Spurs, Barcelona and Atletico, alongside long-term admirers United, are all interested. Quizzed on his talisman's future recently, Lage insisted that he wanted Neves to remain in the Black Country, saying: "I don’t know if it’s Man United or other teams, what I know is we have a special player here with us. "What he is doing this season is very good. I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. "When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. "But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100m to buy these kinds of players." Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders & Graeme Bailey. Toby Cudworth joins the show again this week to discuss how Erik ten Hag's appointment may affect Man Utd's pursuit of Paul Mitchell. There is also chat on the futures of Jesse Lingard & David de Gea and a look at what Newcastle are planning this summer. Neves isn't the only player whose future is in question. 90min understands that Wolves are expecting significant movement this summer, with Adama Traore likely to move on regardless of whether Barcelona pay the agreed fee to make his loan permanent. There are also question marks over whether Francisco Trincao will join the club on a permanent basis. 
