Football transfer rumours: Messi's decision deadline; Bellingham to reject contract
May 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-messi-bellingham-9-5-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Lionel Messi is expected to make a decision on where he'll be playing his football next season when PSG's campaign ends on June 3. He is likely to leave the French champions with Barcelona and Al Hilal interested in his services. (Mundo Deportivo) A potential replacement for Messi at PSG could be Michael Olise, with Les Parisiens monitoring the France youth international's progress at Crystal Palace. Arsenal have also been keeping a keen eye on the winger. (Daily Mail) Liverpool remain in talks with Brighton over the signing of Alexis Mac Allister, while West Ham captain Declan Rice is also a key target. (Rudy Galetti) The midfield target Liverpool missed out on, Jude Bellingham, will reject the offer of a bumper new contract at Borussia Dortmund amid talk of a move to Real Madrid. (BILD) Manchester United have refused to give David de Gea assurances that he will be their starting goalkeeper next season as contract talks near a conclusion. His current deal is up in the summer and the Red Devils have been linked with several other stoppers. (Daily Telegraph) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Barcelona are prepared to sell Raphinha this summer but will ask for €80m from interested clubs. Chelsea and Newcastle have been linked with the Brazil star. (Sport) Meanwhile, Chelsea could use Christian Pulisic as a makeweight to sign star striker Victor Osimhen from Napoli. (Daily Mail) Speaking of Napoli, Liverpool are unlikely to land Eintracht Frankfurt defender Evan Ndicka on a free transfer as he is instead expected to join the newly crowned Italian champions. (GiveMeSport) Tottenham are interested in signing forward Iliman Ndiaye from Sheffield United. The Senegal international notably scored the goal that knocked Spurs out of this season's FA Cup. (Daily Mail) LISTEN NOW
