Khvicha Kvaratskhelia: Agent confirms clubs eyeing transfer
Feb 16, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/khvicha-kvaratskhelia-agent-confirms-clubs-eyeing-transfer
The agent of Napoli winger Khvicha Kvaratskhelia has confirmed there is a ‘a lot of interest’ in his client, but insists the rapidly emerging Georgian star is focused on his current club. Kvaratskhelia has embodied Napoli’s stunning season more than most in recent months, directly involved in 23 goals in 23 appearances in all competitions as the club eyes a first Serie A title since 1990 and potentially even Champions League glory on top. Having paid only around €12m in July to sign the player from Georgian club Dinamo Batumi – he had been with Rubin Kazan in Russia until March 2022 but exercised his right to unilaterally end his contract – Napoli appear to have struck gold. Real Madrid, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain have all been watching Kvaratskhelia, affectionately nicknamed ‘Kvaradona’ by fans in honour of late Napoli icon Diego Maradona. Newcastle had also been linked with a £50m deal, but 90min understands that Napoli have no intention of selling for anything near that price. "There is a lot of interest from other clubs,” agent Mamuka Jugeli confirmed as much to CalcioNapoli, before also offering reassurance to Napoli fans. “Kvara, however, is only thinking about winning the Scudetto and Napoli's matches in the Champions League.” Jugeli also declared that his client has no intention of playing for another Italian club if he does leave Napoli at some point. Juventus famously poached Gonzalo Higuain from Napoli in 2016 and have a longstanding reputation of snapping up the best players from the rest of Serie A. “He loves being [for Napoli],” the agent explained. “He told me that in terms of football in Italy he sees himself only in Naples. He will never play for any other Italian club, apart from Napoli. He feels in Naples as at home.” On this edition of Talking Transfers, part of the 90min podcast network, Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth discuss the Premier League's managerial merry-go-round with the latest on the situations at Leeds United and Southampton. Also on the agenda, Man Utd contract talks, Mason Mount's future, Andrey Santos & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Things could have been different in the past, however. Way back in August, not long after Kvaratskhelia had joined Napoli, Jugeli revealed that he had initially been on course to join Juventus until sporting director Fabio Paratici moved to Tottenham. “We had a preliminary agreement with Juventus when Paratici was there,” Jugeli told Nobel Arustamyan on YouTube in August.
