Bayern Munich close to Joao Cancelo signing after Man City exit request
Jan 30, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-close-joao-cancelo-signing-man-city-exit-request
Bayern Munich are looking to complete a deal to sign Manchester City full-back Joao Cancelo after he asked to leave the club this month, 90min understands. Cancelo is no longer a permanent starter under Pep Guardiola, who has increasingly preferred academy graduate Rico Lewis at right-back, with the Portugal international starting just two of the club's last six Premier League games - three of which he went unused in. Sources have confirmed to 90min Cancelo has grown frustrated with his role at City and has asked to leave the Etihad this month, and Guardiola is prepared to grant him his wish. The City boss has spoken openly of his willingness to let players leave if they are unhappy, and with Lewis emerging as a viable first-team option, City are satisfied that they can cope without Cancelo moving forwards and are not believed to be looking for a replacement. Talks have been held with Bayern Munich, who are exploring a move which would see Cancelo join on an initial loan deal, with any agreement expected to include a €70m option for the full-back to join Bayern permanently. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth to discuss the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Primarily a right-back, Cancelo has often been used on the left side of City's defence but Guardiola has regularly deployed centre-back Nathan Ake out wide, with summer signing Sergio Gomez also seeing minutes. As a result, Cancelo is ready to move on from City and Bayern are looking at bolstering their stuttering defence with a player who was named in the PFA Team of the Year over each of the last two Premier League seasons.
