Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang green lights Chelsea move as Barcelona receive bid
Aug 19, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/pierre-emerick-aubameyang-green-lights-chelsea-move-barcelona-bid
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is willing to join Chelsea and a part-exchange bid involving Marcos Alonso has been lodged with Barcelona, 90min understands. The 33-year-old has only been a Barcelona player for seven months after joining the club on a free transfer from Arsenal, but his time at Camp Nou could be coming to an end as Thomas Tuchel looks to reinforce his striking options at Stamford Bridge. A meeting was held on Thursday morning between Chelsea and Aubameyang's representatives and 90min has learned that it was made clear that the Gabon international would be willing to move back to London to reunite with Tuchel - his former manager at Borussia Dortmund. It's understood that Chelsea have now made an offer for Aubameyang, which 90min understands to be just shy of £15m plus Marcos Alonso - a player the Catalan giants have been chasing all summer long. Personal terms still need to be fully agreed with Aubameyang, and while Chelsea's offer falls below Barcelona's rumoured £20m asking price, the willingness to send Alonso to Camp Nou as part of the deal could get a move over the line. Indeed, 90min understands that Alonso has already agreed personal terms with Barcelona and is preparing to undergo a medical, in the knowledge that his time at Chelsea is coming to an end. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Barcelona head coach Xavi had expressed a desire to keep Aubameyang at the club, despite signing Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich, but the club's dire financial position may be another determining factor in whether or not Chelsea's offer is accepted.
