Bayern Munich increasingly confident of signing Matthijs de Ligt
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-increasingly-confident-of-signing-matthijs-de-ligt
Bayern Munich are growing increasingly confident of finalising a deal to sign Matthijs de Ligt from Juventus, 90min understands. The Dutchman has been heavily linked with both Chelsea and Bayern in recent months, but following positive talks in Turin between Hasan Salihamidzic and Juventus directors on Monday, Bavaria now looks likely to be De Ligt's destination this summer.  When leaving negotiations on Monday, Bayern director Salihamidzic, when asked about the 22-year-old, said: “We will see, I can’t say anything about Matthijs de Ligt deal. Optimism? We’re always optimistic". The optimism regarding a deal is justifiable. 90min reported last week that, while Chelsea were interested, Bayern Munich believed they are currently De Ligt's preferred destination, with the defender impressed by the project proposed to his representatives by sporting director Salihamidzic and head coach Julian Nagelsmann. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! And that belief is helped by the fact that 90min now understand that the club do have a general agreement with the player on personal terms. Speaking in a press conference today, Max Allegri addressed De Ligt's potential departure stating: "As you all know yesterday there was the meeting with Bayern, but at the moment he is a player of Juventus and he is training well " What still may prove a sticking point in any deal is Juve's valuation of De Ligt. Bayern are said to be unwilling to pay La Vecchia Signora's €100m asking price - a fee that would make the former Ajax captain the most expensive defender of all time.
