Everton sign Conor Coady on season-long loan 
Aug 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/everton-sign-conor-coady-on-season-long-loan
Everton have confirmed the signing of Wolves and England defender Conor Coady on a season-long loan for the 2022/23 campaign. 90min revealed earlier on Monday that Coady and midfielder Idrissa Gueye were undergoing medicals on Merseyside, with Amadou Onana also due to be unveiled as a new signing. The Toffees have brought the defender to Goodison Park on an initial loan and his arrival comes as a boost after defenders Ben Godfrey and Yerry Mina suffered injuries in the 1-0 defeat to Chelsea on Saturday. Coady himself was left out of the Wolves side that was beaten 2-1 by Leeds at the weekend. “It’s incredible to join Everton,” Coady told evertontv. “As soon as I heard the interest, from the manager but also the football club itself, I really wanted to be part of it straight away. I’m over the moon to join. “I’ve grown up around the city, I know the football club, how big this club is and what it means to the supporters. I’m someone who was desperate to come here, to play for this club. I’ve got family and friends who are massive Evertonians. “I’m here to give absolutely everything I’ve got for this football club. It’s important I work as hard as I can to help my teammates, help the club move forward and make people proud.” Manager Frank Lampard added: “We are delighted to bring a player of Conor's quality and vast experience to Everton and he fits into how we want to play as a team. “As well as being one of the Premier League's most reliable defenders and an England international, his leadership skills will be of huge benefit to us, too.” Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
