Barcelona Presidential Candidate Claims Neymar Will Cost €40-50m
Dec 22, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-presidential-candidate-claims-neymar-will-cost-40-50m
Exclusive - Jordi Farre has claimed that Neymar could be re-signed for Barcelona relatively cheaply, should he be elected club president in the January elections. Barcelona's prospective presidential campaigns are ramping up now, with elections to decide the club's next leader taking place on 24 January. Among frontrunners like Joan Laporta and Victor Font is 45-year-old Jordi Farre, who has talked up the return of Neymar among his campaign pledges. Neymar famously left Camp Nou for Paris Saint-Germain in a world-record deal back in 2017. Speaking to 90min.es, Farre reiterated his desire to see Neymar back at Barça. "What I have said is that Barça has to be formed by 80% players from La Masia and 20% by players, who, for me, have to be the best in the world," he said. "And logically Neymar for me is number two or number three best in the world and obviously I would like him. I always like to have the best." All talk of future signings, however, must be put in context of the economic situation at Barcelona. Barcelona announced losses of €97m for the 2019/20 season and confirmed that their total debt has risen to nearly €500m. Earlier this season, Barça players agreed to pay cuts worth €122m as the club tries to recover from the ongoing pandemic. Meanwhile, the club's acting president Carlos Tusquets even admitted that he would've sold Lionel Messi in the summer, given the current issues. Farre, however, claims Neymar can be signed relatively cheaply. "My tenure as president cannot be one of big signings, of big names," Farre said. "Signing Neymar I believe is the best economic investment that can be done. I think he is going to be cheap, since he is going to have to ask for a transfer request. Nos vemos em breve meu amigo ❤️?? pic.twitter.com/VIwjyacBlx "He is already in the last year of his contract, which I am sure will make Neymar very cheap. He will be a player that will cost between €40-50m.
