Football transfer rumours: Liverpool ready Kvaratskhelia bid; Real Madrid join Mount chase
Apr 17, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-kvaratskhelia-bid-real-madrid-mount-chase-17-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid and Manchester City target Jude Bellingham, who was of interest to Liverpool, would rather stay at Borussia Dortmund this summer as he does not believe the right move is out there for him at this point. (The Times) Despite backing away from Bellingham over cost concerns, Liverpool could try to strike a club-record €130m deal to sign Napoli winger Khvicha Kvaratskhelia ahead of Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid. (Fichajes) Liverpool have also been dealt a blow in their pursuit of Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, with Los Blancos determined to stick by the Frenchman and give him time to settle in at his new club. (AS) Luis Enrique hoped to become the new Chelsea manager before the Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid. The former Barcelona and Spain boss is now the favourite for the role because he could help lure Gavi away from his old club. (AS) Arsenal are looking for a new striker this summer and want to sign Juventus hitman Dusan Vlahovic, with Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin lined up as an alternative. (Football Insider) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Having learned that signing Chelsea right-back Reece James is not an option, Real Madrid are now looking at another Blues trio: Mason Mount, Mateo Kovacic and Ruben Loftus-Cheek. (Fichajes) Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is desperate to keep hold of both Ilkay Gundogan and Bernardo Silva and is pushing to convince the duo to reject the chance to leave for Barcelona. (Football Insider) Monaco centre-back Axel Disasi is being chased by a number of sides across Europe but it is Manchester United who are 'clear favourites' to get a deal done. (Football Insider) Arsenal and Tottenham are both keeping a close eye on Swansea City centre-back Nathan Wood. (Fabrizio Romano) PSG are ready to cut ties with Fabian Ruiz, Carlos Soler, Renato Sanches and Hugo Ekitike this summer after sporting advisor Luis Campos was left disappointed by their performances this season. (L'Equipe) LISTEN NOW
