Andy Carroll among strikers offered to Wolves; Diego Costa work permit uncertain
Sep 6, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/andy-carroll-offered-wolves-diego-costa-work-permit
Wolves have been offered the chance to sign free agent striker Andy Carroll after their primary target, Diego Costa, failed to automatically qualify for a work permit. Following the ACL injury to new signing Sasa Kalajdzic, Wolves were prepared to offer Costa a one-year contract as emergency cover but the former Chelsea and Atletico Madrid striker failed to meet the criteria to be automatically handed a work permit. While Wolves continue to work in the background to secure a permit for Costa, 90min understands that the club have been offered a number of strikers as potential fall-backs if the move for the 33-year-old breaks down completely. Among the list of potential options for Wolves is Carroll. The 33-year-old was released by West Brom this summer after just six months at the club, where he netted three goals in 15 Championship outings, and he is yet to find a new club. Carroll is one of many names on a lengthy emergency shortlist which is limited to current free agents, given the transfer window has closed. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss the fallout from the summer transfer window, Gavi's contract situation at Barcelona, Thomas Tuchel's midfield issue at Chelsea, Antony's suitability at Man Utd and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Ze Luis, formerly of Spartak Moscow, is another on Wolves' radar, while ex-Burnley man Matej Vydra and Norway international Fredrik Gulbrandsen have also been offered to Bruno Lage's side. There are a number of free agent strikers still available to sign, many of whom come with Premier League experience, including the likes of Dieumerci Mbokani, Simone Zaza, Oumar Niasse, Yaya Sanogo and former Liverpool man Daniel Sturridge, who was released by Australian side Perth Glory earlier this year.
