West Ham 'Leading Race' for Michy Batshuayi But Asking Price Remains a Problem
Jun 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-leading-race-for-michy-batshuayi-but-asking-price-remains-a-problem-01ea9g86ydhj
West Ham are leading the race to sign Chelsea striker Michy Batshuayi, although the cost of the potential deal could prove problematic for the Hammers. Batshuayi, who will enter the final year of his contract this summer, has long been rumoured to be nearing the exit door at Stamford Bridge, and the imminent move for RB Leipzig's Timo Werner appeals to have sealed his fate. Chelsea are ready to listen to offers for the polarising Belgian, and according to The Express, West Ham have again emerged as serious suitors to sign him, having been linked with the striker in almost every window since 2016. The Hammers were favourites to land Batshuayi when he first left Marseille and have often been tipped to pursue his signature ever since, although the cost of such a deal has always been too high for them. Their latest enquiry might meet the same fate as Chelsea are said to have slapped a £40m price tag on Batshuayi's head, which seems fairly hefty for an unwanted striker with one year remaining on his contract. Chelsea paid £33m to land Batshuayi four years ago, and despite fairly impressive loan spells with Borussia Dortmund and Crystal Palace, he's hardly a more valuable asset now than he was back then, so the Blues' chances of making a profit seem fairly slim. West Ham aren't prepared to meet Chelsea's £40m asking price this time around, which has left the door open for Newcastle, who are thought to see Batshuayi as a potential target once their takeover is confirmed. Of the two sides, it's Newcastle who could do with some more firepower. Joelinton's debut season at St James' Park has been a huge disappointment, whereas Sébastien Haller has managed seven goals in his first year in the Premier League. However, for whatever reason, West Ham have found themselves stuck in a relegation battle. They are level on points with 18th-placed Bournemouth and still have to face Wolverhampton Wanderers, Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea and Manchester United.
