West Ham turn down new Chelsea approach for Declan Rice
Jun 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-turn-down-new-chelsea-approach-declan-rice
West Ham United have turned down a fresh approach for Declan Rice from Chelsea’s new owners, 90min understands. The Hammers have been steadfast in their desire to keep hold of Rice this summer, long insisting that their soon-to-be captain will not be sold unless their £150m valuation is met. Indeed, West Ham manager David Moyes wants to build a team around Rice that is capable of regularly challenging for a top four finish and Champions League football. The upcoming campaign will see the club compete in the Europa Conference League after last season's dream run to the Europa League semi-finals. The Hammers remain hopeful that Rice will sign a new contract before the start of the new season, though any new deal penned by the 23-year-old may include a release clause - 90min revealed in May that West Ham were prepared to soften their stance in negotiations to get a deal agreed. However, sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea, who have a long-standing interest in Rice, have again approached West Ham in a bid to take him to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea made contact with West Ham's majority shareholder David Sullivan over the possibility of doing a deal for Rice, at the behest of new owner and interim sporting director Todd Boehly. However, the Blues were given short shrift and told the England international is not available this summer. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Newcastle's decision to pull out of a deal for Hugo Ekitike and offer the latest on Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! 90min understands that Chelsea may return and test West Ham's resolve by offering Armando Broja and Ross Barkley in part exchange, with the former a known transfer target of Moyes.
