Tottenham eye loan move for Real Madrid's Eder Militao
Jan 12, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-eye-loan-move-eder-militao
Tottenham Hotspur boss Jose Mourinho is considering giving the green light to a loan move for Real Madrid defender Eder Militao. Mourinho has had plenty of success with his favoured defensive duo, Eric Dier and Toby Alderweireld, but there is less certainty behind them. Colombian Davinson Sanchez has been out on the fringes this season, with young Joe Rodon operating as the first reserve. Sanchez has just five Premier League appearances to his name this season and hasn't even made the matchday squad for nine of Spurs' last 11 games in the competition. It seems as though Sanchez is out of favour under Mourinho, and according to Corriere dello Sport, the boss is open to pushing him further out of the picture as he wants to strike a deal to sign Militao. Mourinho is said to have been following the Brazilian since his days with Sao Paulo, and he has watched on as Militao has been left out in the cold under Zinedine Zidane this season. Zidane's first signing upon his return to Real, Militao has made just three appearances in all competitions this season, and while his lack of minutes can be partly attributed to a positive COVID-19 test in November, the 22-year-old has clearly failed to win over his manager. Zidane is said to have put Militao on the transfer list, and Mourinho hopes to take advantage of that by signing the defender on loan with the option to sign him permanently in the summer. The two clubs are believed to have spoken about the idea of a loan, and while things haven't been agreed just yet, it's thought that both sides are willing to get a deal done. It's a bit of a strange story, not least because there's no immediate spot in the squad for Militao at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Mourinho isn't going to shift away from his preferred centre-back pairing, while Serge Aurier and Matt Doherty will ensure there are no minutes going spare at right-back.
