Football transfer rumours: Next Saudi Pro League targets; Mbappe turns down latest PSG proposal
Aug 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-next-saudi-pro-league-targets-mbappe-turns-down-latest-psg-propsal-6-8-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Clubs in the Saudi Pro League are expected to target Premier League stars Mohamed Salah and Kevin De Bruyne in the summer of 2024. (Mirror) Kylian Mbappe turned down a new contract proposal from PSG that would have included some kind of buyout clause allowing him to pick his next club - Real Madrid - in 2024 as a way to still command a transfer fee. (Fabrizio Romano) The deadline set by Bayern Munich for Tottenham to make a decision over club record Harry Kane bid  has been ignored by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. (Bild) Fiorentina are still waiting for Manchester United to make a firm offer for Sofyan Amrabat. (Mirror) Liverpool are taking an interest in 21-year-old Aston Villa winger Jaden Philogene. (Liverpool Echo) Personal terms have been agreed betweeen Chelsea and Michael Olise, with a £26m bid already presented to Crystal Palace. (RMC) Brighton winger Kaoru Mitoma has emerged as target for Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. (Sun). Barcelona face competition from River Plate for Uruguayan starlet Fabricio Diaz. (TMW) Tottenham have withdrawn interest in Bayer Leverkusen defender Edmond Tapsoba in order to put their full focus on Wolfsburg's Micky van de Ven. (Dan Kilpatrick) manual Tottenham have been tipped to sign Alejo Veliz from Rosario Central. (Mail) West Ham have been quoted £40m to sign Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay. (Football Insider) Inter remain linked with Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun, having missed out on West Ham's Gianluca Scamacca to Serie A rivals Atalanta. (Express) Newcastle have approaches representatives of Galatasaray and Italy winger Nicolo Zaniolo, who is also commanding interest from Juventus and AC Milan. (Hurriyet) Kasper Schmeichel could return to England after talks were opened by Nottingham Forest. The goalkeeper left Leicester for Nice in 2022 (Eurosport). Crystal Palace are showing interest in Southampton forward Che Adams, with Jean-Philippe Mateta tipped to leave Selhurst Park for Germany or Italy. (Sun) Chelsea are open to letting Trevoh Chalobah leave the club, with Everton, West Ham and Crystal Palace monitoring the versatile defender. (Teamtalk) Manchester United goalkeeper Matej Kovar is a target for Hull and Red Star Belgrade. (Sun) Celtic and Wolves will go head to head for Manchester City youngster Tommy Doyle. (Sun)
