Football transfer rumours: Liverpool eye Man City midfielder; Man Utd to trigger goalkeeper's release clause
Apr 26, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-man-city-man-utd-26-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool are interested in signing out-of-favour Manchester City midfielder Kalvin Phillips this summer. The former Leeds man would be open to a £35m move to Anfield. (Daily Star) Another midfielder being eyed by Liverpool is Mason Mount, who has one year left on his Chelsea contract. Caretaker boss Frank Lampard has admitted he is powerless in trying to convince Mount to stay amid further interest from Manchester United and Newcastle. (Daily Mail) Manchester United are also looking to add Fulham's Joao Palhinha to their ranks this summer. Chelsea and Tottenham are keeping an eye on the Portugal international as well. (Football Insider) Sticking with Chelsea, the Blues will give Romelu Lukaku the option to be reintegrated into the first team under prospective new manager Mauricio Pochettino. The Belgian is currently on loan at Inter. (Daily Telegraph) David Moyes has admitted West Ham are planning for life with or without Declan Rice. The Hammers captain has been heavily linked with a move to Arsenal. (Evening Standard) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Manchester United are willing to pay the €10m release clause of Dinamo Zagreb and Croatia goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic. (Sportske Novosti) Real Madrid have long held an interest in Chelsea right-back Reece James, but are becoming increasingly concerned by his injury record after being ruled out for the rest of the season. (AS) PSG are lining up a move for Inter midfielder Marcelo Brozovic, who has also been linked with Newcastle in recent days. (ESPN) Manchester City are ready to rival neighbours Manchester United in the race for Kim Min-jae of Napoli. (Daily Mail) Barcelona will have to battle Milan in order to sign Benjamin Pavard from Bayern Munich this summer. (Mundo Deportivo) LISTEN NOW
