How Twitter reacted to Al Hilal's world record offer for Kylian Mbappe
Jul 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/how-twitter-reacted-to-al-hilal-world-record-offer-for-kylian-mbappe
The Saudi Pro League has now firmly put its money where its mouth in ongoing efforts to shift the global balance of club football away from Europe. Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema, even Lionel Messi - had he actually taken the offer, you can get your around and accept. These are the type of players whose best days are behind them and for whom an enormous pay day in Saudi Arabia is a nice, if morally questionable, retirement gift. N'Golo Kante, Roberto Firmino and Jordan Henderson were once top stars but won't be missed by the Premier League. At 26, Ruben Neves broke the trend of ageing players head to the Middle East, but the Portuguese midfielder is not exactly a global superstar. However, Kylian Mbappe is a different story altogether. News filtered through around Monday lunchtime in Europe that Al Hilal, one of the four clubs controlled by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, have made world record bid of £259m (€300m) that is considered to be 'serious'. The idea is that Al Hilal could take Mbappe for just a single year. Al Hilal have submitted a record fee bid of €300,000,000 to PSG for Kylian Mbappe...Could you see it happening? 🤑 pic.twitter.com/bKadgcnxPQ Paris Saint-Germain are keen to sell, hoping to avoid losing their once in a generation star asset on a free transfer, and multiple clubs have been approached. For Mbappe, Real Madrid remains his only target and he will be eligible to sign a pre-contract with Los Blancos in January. Even for the money on offer - potentially the equivalent of £1.5m per day - there are no guarantees that a 24-year-old Mbappe coming into his peak sells out on his dream and follows the cash. The money on the table is asbolutely unfathomable. You're Kylian Mbappé. €700m offer on the table over a one-year deal. You then join Real Madrid next summer.Would you accept Al-Hilal's crazy contract offer? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/ufBfwHWlUL 💰 Yearly: €700,000,000💰 Monthly: €58,300,000💰 Weekly: €13,300,000💰 Daily: €1,900,000💰 Hourly: €80,000💰 Minute: €1,332💰 Second: €22Alex Crook breaks down Al Hilal's world-record bid for PSG's Kylian Mbappe! 🥵 pic.twitter.com/hMwtShIT0v Are the numbers on the pitch worth it? Kylian Mbappé has been directly involved in 397 goals for club & country in his senior career, averaging a goal or assist once every 74.2 minutes:◎ 390 games◉ 279 goals◉ 118 assistsMind-blowing stats = mind-blowing money. 🤯 pic.twitter.com/U0aQNf7BA9 If Kylian Mbappe goes to Real Madrid, I will give everyone who likes this tweet $50. pic.twitter.com/DLj6D8cihi If it's not Al Hilal...or Real Madrid, could it be someone else? #MUFC knocking on Mbappe's door "for a chat..." 👀 https://t.co/tGGPPpcJ5j Hypothetically, who would you rather sign out of Harry Kane and Kylian Mbappe?🤔 #MUFC pic.twitter.com/hnwYc2NcXe Maybe not just anyone, though. Sorry, Barcelona fans. 🚨| BREAKING: Joan Laporta, Mateu Alemany and Deco are being thrown out of PSG headquarters after offering £35M + Eric Garcia and Clement Lenglet for Kylian Mbappe.😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭pic.twitter.com/2304HDHy1F Barcelona are interested in Kylian Mbappe pic.twitter.com/mBLiJKosR4 Sorry, Juve fans. Marotta negotiating for Mbappe pic.twitter.com/zE2CvH0V4j Sorry, Inter fans.
