Transfer rumours: Ronaldo's Saudi escape route; Pino linked with Premier League giants
Aug 3, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-ronaldo-s-saudi-escape-route-pino-linked-with-premier-league-giants
A club in Saudi Arabia has indicated they will keep an offer for Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo on the table if his future remains uncertain after the World Cup. Liverpool and Manchester City have been linked with Villarreal forward Yeremy Pino, whose latest contract includes a release clause worth £67m. Mainz star Jonathan Burkardt is one of the options on the Real Madrid radar as support for veteran striker Karim Benzema. Brighton are considering RB Leipzig wing-back Angelino as a potential replacement for Marc Cucurella, who is of interest to Chelsea after swooping in ahead of Manchester City. City, meanwhile, are in talks with Anderlecht’s Sergio Gomez instead. Chelsea target Wesley Fofana has removed mentions of Leicester from his social media profiles. The Blues also have interest in Southampton full-back Kyle Walker-Peters, valued at £40m by the Saints. Manchester United are still keeping tabs on Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves as an alternative to Frenkie de Jong, for whom negotiations with Barcelona continue to drag on. Tottenham may offer Sergio Reguilon to Roma as part of their Nicolo Zaniolo approach. Roma have also expressed interest in AC Milan target Japhet Tanganga. Villarreal have offered Tottenham a loan with €15m obligation to buy for Giovani Lo Celso, who cost the north London club more than double that in 2020. Fulham have submitted an offer for Manchester United defender Eric Bailly following an enquiry regarding the Ivorian international earlier in the summer. Arsenal could soon offload centre-back Pablo Mari to Serie A club Monza. West Ham are looking at Burnley’s Maxwel Cornet as an alternative to Eintracht Frankfurt winger Filip Kostic. Newcastle have already made contact with Burnley over Cornet, while Juventus are in the hunt for Kostic. Meanwhile, the Hammers are also still watching Blackburn’s Ben Brereton Diaz. Everton have no interest in signing either Ross Barkley or Michy Batshuayi from Chelsea. Brentford’s €20m offer for Danish winger Mikkel Damsgaard has been accepted by Sampdoria Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's plans for Marc Cucurella, Wesley Fofana and potentially Denzel Dumfries. There's the latest on James Maddison, interest from big clubs in Jamie Vardy, more on Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, plus Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Sevilla are now close to sealing a deal for Manchester United left-back Alex Telles, who has fallen down the pecking order at Old Trafford since the arrival of Tyrell Malacia. Inter and Alexis Sanchez have reached an agreement to end his contract at San Siro.
