Bayern Munich Reignite Interest in Callum Hudson-Odoi
Sep 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-reignite-interest-callum-hudson-odoi-chelsea
Bayern Munich have reignited their interest in Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi and could look to pursue a loan deal for the England international. Chelsea handed Hudson-Odoi a huge new contract in order to fend off interest from Bayern in January 2019. The German side failed with multiple bids, the last of which was worth up to £35m, and the teenager eventually put pen to paper on fresh terms. 2020/2021...? pic.twitter.com/Q0Q9MeAid9 However, since then, things haven't exactly gone according to plan for Hudson-Odoi. He managed just seven Premier League starts last season and has lost his place in the England squad because of a lack of regular minutes. 90min understands manager Frank Lampard has not ruled out a loan exit for Hudson-Odoi to try and help him rediscover his best form and, according to Sky Deutschland, Chelsea would be interested in taking the teenager. Bayern are looking for a new winger after failing to reach an agreement win Inter to keep Ivan Perišić permanently and they are believed to have contacted Hudson-Odoi's agents over a loan with an option to buy - they would only be interested if they had the chance to sign him permanently. There has been no contact with Chelsea and the Blues are highly unlikely to agree to any deal which would see Hudson-Odoi leave permanently. Lampard has spoken highly of the 19-year-old in the past and still has high hopes for him. Hudson-Odoi's representatives are also believed to have spoken with Juventus and RB Leipzig, although Leipzig are not believed to have the financial resources to afford the Chelsea man's high salary anyway. The teenager started Monday's 3-1 win over Brighton and Hove Albion on the bench, seeing just ten minutes of action when he replaced debutant Kai Havertz late on. With Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech both set to return from injuries in the near future, Hudson-Odoi may find minutes hard to come by this season, but a loan to Bayern seems unlikely. 
