Transfer news LIVE: Aubameyang to Barcelona, Dele to Everton
Feb 1, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-news-live-220131
We’re here. It’s the big one. It’s deadline day - and it’s officially over. But that doesn’t mean the action is over, oh no. There’s still time to squeeze some more deals over the line. Join us for the very latest transfers, reports and rumours beyond the deadline. For the final time this window, that’s all from us at 90min on the live blog. Thank you for joining us on a manic deadline day at the end of a hectic window. Be sure to check back tomorrow for more reaction to January’s events (and some confirmation on that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang move). Good night! Well, Liverpool’s deal to sign Fabio Carvalho from Fulham may have fallen through, but that hasn’t stopped them sending Neco Williams on loan the other way. The Wales international joins until the end of the season. Dele Alli has finally signed for Everton and has been speaking to the club’s official channels regarding the move. “I’m delighted to have signed for Everton, a huge club with a great fanbase and history. “I'm eager to get started and can't wait for my first game in an Everton shirt. “I’m looking forward to helping the team and the opportunity to work with the new manager Frank Lampard." At long last, Everton have announced the signing of Dele Alli from Tottenham, which is expected to be the last major deal tonight. Some movement! Newcastle have announced that Jeff Hendrick will join QPR until the end of the season, while Ryan Giles links up with Blackburn on loan from Wolves. Still with us? Good. Just a couple of updates. It’s expected that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s move to Barcelona will be announced in the morning, while Everton are still working away to sign Dele Alli tonight after submitting a deal sheet. Bad news, Liverpool fans. It’s being widely reported that a proposed deal to sign Fabio Carvalho from Fulham has not been completed in time. However, they can still reach an agreement with the player and club for a summer deal at the end of his current contract. Crystal Palace have signed Derby County youngster Luke Plange in our first post-deadline deal. He’ll rejoin the Rams on loan until the end of the season. The transfer deadline has passed! Deals can still be completed however, so stick with us as we bring you the very, very latest news… It's official! Dan Burn has signed for Newcastle on a deal until 2024. Remember Todd Cantwell? He's just signed joined Bournemouth from Norwich. Carry on. Chelsea are hoping to sign highly-rated teenage forward Mason Burstow from Charlton before the deadline. Charlton boss Johnnie Jackson said tonight: "I believe that a deal is very close and that he will be coming back on loan to us. Great that the club and the chairman has got a deal he is happy with. But also we get the player back as well." Crystal Palace have announced the permanent signing of Jean-Philippe Mateta from Mainz. The Frenchman has signed a deal until 2026 at Selhurst Park. Liverpool are closing in on the signing of Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho. The midfielder will rejoin the Cottagers on loan until the end of the season, but the two clubs are in a race against time to complete the deal. Rangers have announced the signing of Aaron Ramsey on loan from Juventus - what a signing! Remember when Newcastle were aggressively pushing to sign Lille defender Sven Botman? Seems a world away now. The Dutchman has discussed the approaches he has received this month. “I can confirm both Newcastle and AC Milan were concrete options this winter. Both were good options for me. I assume that I will take a good step in my career next summer.” Juventus midfielder Aaron Ramsey has been pictured at Ibrox ahead of his loan move to Rangers. One of the weirdest signings of the window is edging closer... Promising Brentford striker Marcus Forss has become the latest young player to leave the Bees on loan, signing for Hull City. The Tigers, in wake of their recent takeover, have also signed Allahyar Sayyadmanesh on loan from Fenerbahce. While a deal for Fulham's Fabio Carvalho rumbles on in the background, Liverpool could send defender Neco Williams the other way. The Athletic report that the Wales international could head to Craven Cottage on loan, and developments over the next hour are crucial. West Ham were hoping to strike a deadline day move for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. However, 90min understands that deal is now off. You can read the full story here. Bouremouth have strengthened their bid for promotion by bringing in striker Kieffer Moore from Cardiff. It seems the Cherries are pretty happy with their latest arrival, too. Corrrrrrrr ? pic.twitter.com/JnwF0vGU4p Manchester United don't want to let their fringe squad members leave during the final few hours of the window. Dean Henderson is the latest to suffer, with The Manchester Evening News claiming the goalkeeper - behind David de Gea in the pecking order - will not be allowed to join Watford on loan. Ousmane Dembele will not be leaving Barcelona in the final few hours of the transfer window, RMC report. That means he'll sit out the last few months of the season, unless he is reintegrated at Camp Nou. Newcastle have had an offer for their former midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum rejected by Paris Saint-Germain, according to Saber Desfarges. Things haven't quite worked out for the Dutchman in France's capital but he wants to succeed at the club. Colorado Rapids have confirmed defender Auston Trusty will join Arsenal in the summer. The 23-year-old has previously represented the USA at youth level but is yet to make his senior debut. Chelsea are in talks with Barcelona over the signing of Ousmane Dembele, though a January move is unlikely, 90min understands. The Frenchman was told to leave by Barça earlier this month but so far a transfer has not materialised. You can read more on that story here. Barcelona and Arsenal have reached a verbal agreement over the signing of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The deal has been touch and go all day but The Athletic now say Auba could sign for the Catalan giants in a deal that would bring his Gunners career to an end. Ligue 1 side Reims have confirmed youngster and Newcastle target Hugo Ekitike will not be leaving the club this window. A statement from their president Jean-Pierre Caillot reads: “It is true that we received very good offers for Hugo during this transfer window. Our desire has always been to keep him at least one full season. He too was keen not to skip the stages, wanting to be a little more lasting in the club project, that of his training club which he joined at the age of 11. We share the feeling that there is still a piece of history to write together. We are happy to be able to count on him from Sunday against Bordeaux.” The full story is here. Duvan Zapata might be the only option up front for Newcastle, according to Sky Sports' Keith Downie. He's said to be available for a straight £5.5m loan fee. Brighton have brought in German striker Deniz Undav from Belgian league leaders Union Saint-Gilloise. You can read more here. Donny van de Beek is a Blue! ?✍️ pic.twitter.com/Aiv8PfFT3Z Everton have brought in Donny van de Beek on loan from Manchester United, the club has confirmed. “Now I can say I am an Everton player, I am really happy and can’t wait to help the team,” Van de Beek told evertontv. “I think it is a great club...there are really good players here and I came because I want to help them go up the table. You can read more on that story here. Barcelona have not yet given up on signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal, club president Joan Laporta has revealed. He said: “We would like to incorporate Aubameyang. It's very complicated but there is hope.” Matt Targett has completed his loan move to Newcastle, the club have confirmed. Aston Villa recently signed Lucas Digne from Everton, so this deal gives Targett the opportunity of more game time. Sorry if we've reported too much Tottenham news today, but it's where all the deals are happening apparently. Giovani Lo Celso's move to Villarreal on loan is all but confirmed, Fabrizio Romano reports.  Ajax have decided against pursuing a move for Tottenham winger Steven Bergwijn, The Telegraaf report. They've wanted him throughout January but two goals in dramatic circumstances against Leicester earlier this month changed Spurs' stance on a potential transfer. Wolves have confirmed 23-year-old midfielder Bruno Jordao will spend the remainder of the 2021/22 season on loan with Grasshopper in Switzerland. He has been struggling with injury and regular game time should help him get back up to speed. Bryan Gil has returned to Spain to join Valencia on loan until the end of the season. The youngster has barely had a sniff at Tottenham and will hope for some more playing time during the second half of the campaign. The deal to take Reinildo Mandava from Lille to Atletico Madrid is all agreed, Pedro Sepulveda reports. 19-year-old Aston Villa full back Kaine Kesler Hayden has joined MK Dons on loan until the end of the season. Sheffield United have brought in Charlie Goode on loan from Brentford until the end of the season. Goode made six Premier League appearances for the Bees before this move. Kulusevski's loan to Tottenham is an 18-month deal which includes an option to buy at €35m, but that can turn into an obligation if certain clauses are met. You can read more about that here. UFFICIALE | Dejan #Kulusevski passa al Tottenham @SpursOfficial.Grazie di tutto e buona fortuna, Dejan ? UFFICIALE | Rodrigo #Bentancur passa al Tottenham @SpursOfficial.Grazie di tutto e buona fortuna, Rodrigo ?? Nat Phillips has joined @afcbournemouth on loan until the end of the season.Good luck, Nat! ? Per Matt Law, Everton will actually sign Dele on a free transfer, with a £10m fee due after he plays 20 games. We heard earlier that Ousmane Dembele hopes to move to Chelsea in the near future, and that move could be coming pretty soon. ABC believe a deal is already done, although Mundo Deportivo stress that nothing has been finalised yet.  Definitely one to keep an eye on... David Ornstein has revealed that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is heading back to Arsenal after talks over a loan move to Barcelona broke down. Aubameyang flew to Barcelona without either club knowing but has failed to agree the terms of a contract at Camp Nou and is now on his way back. ? Welcome back, @TanguyNdombele ❤️? pic.twitter.com/d3q0YEVa6F Everton have agreed to sign Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli on a permanent basis, according to Fabrizio Romano. Aaron Ramsey has agreed to join Rangers on loan from Juventus. The Welshman has agreed to join until the end of the season and Rangers will also have the option to make the deal permanent. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Newcastle's hopes of landing Reims striker Hugo Ekitike are over. You can read more on that here. Everton are pushing for a late permanent deal to sign Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli, say The Telegraph. 90min revealed that Dele has been given permission to look for a move away from the club today, with Everton among the sides considering a move. Bordeaux are now understood to be chasing a deal for Malmo centre-back Anel Ahmedhodzic, ending their pursuit of Man Utd's Phil Jones in the process. Aaron Ramsey is in Glasgow ahead of sealing a loan move from Juventus to Rangers. He had plenty of options in the Premier League but has instead opted to head up to Scotland instead. Fiorentina will not be allowing midfielder Sofyan Amrabat to join Tottenham this month, reports Fabrizio Romano. That won't really bother Spurs, whose focus is on Juventus' Rodrigo Bentancur anyway. Deadline day begins ✅ Great to see you, @FreddieWoodman ? pic.twitter.com/hy3PcZ30xB Manchester City have confirmed the signing of Julian Alvarez from River Plate on a permanent deal. He has signed a five-and-a-half-year deal and will remain on loan with River until the end of the English season. David Ornstein has revealed that Ralf Rangnick has finally given Jesse Lingard permission to leave Man Utd on loan. Newcastle and West Ham have both made improved offers in the last few hours, so this will all come down to whether the United hierarchy agree to let him go. We've had a lot on Arsenal's pursuit of Espanyol striker Raul de Tomas today, and the club's president has now confirmed to Catalunya Radio they have knocked the Gunners back. “Arsenal called for Raul de Tomas but we didn’t even want to talk. We won’t let him go now, no way. His release clause is €75m” Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is in Barcelona while he discusses a loan away from Arsenal, but reports in Spain suggest neither side actually knew he was flying. Arsenal were surprised to learn of Aubameyang's trip, while Barcelona are not completely confident that they will get a deal done are were shocked to see him arrive. Newcastle waiting on Hugo Ekitike - issues at the player's end. Not off, but looks in the balance at this stage. https://t.co/0REWPL8wWm Reports in France state that Tanguy Ndombele has signed his contract to join Lyon on loan with an option to buy for €65m from Tottenham. Expect confirmation of that to come soon. Bournemouth have reportedly agreed loan deals to take Nat Phillips from Liverpool and Freddie Woodman from Newcastle. David Ornstein has backed up earlier reports that Tottenham have considered a move for Atletico's Yannick Carrasco, but has revealed that the deal is now dead. His €60m release clause is no longer active and that leaves Spurs with too much to do before the transfer window closes. Sport Witness have been chasing an update on Arsenal's reported interest in Espanyol striker Raul de Tomas. The feeling is that Espanyol will demand his €70m release clause be met, but Arsenal aren't credited with any real interest in the striker anyway. Arsenal have failed to agree terms with Atletico Madrid over a deal to sign Alvaro Morata. The Times state that Morata was prepared to return to London but wanted more than the six-month loan on offer, while Atletico's wish for an obligation to buy did not go down well either. Bournemouth are looking to the Premier League for loans this month. Norwich's Todd Cantwell is on his way and at least one Liverpool player could follow. Neco Williams has already been linked and now centre-back Nat Phillips is in the mix as well. Everton are exploring a move for Real Madrid striker Luka Jovic, according to The Telegraph. The belief is that Jovic will be allowed to leave Real if the right offer arrives. Bryan Gil has touched down in Valencia ahead of sealing his loan exit from Tottenham Hotspur. ? FICHAJE CERRADO #VCF ? Llegada de BRYAN GIL a Valencia?? Extremo izquierdo de 20 años? Nuevo fichaje del Valencia CF? Cedido hasta junio? @SalvaGomis97 pic.twitter.com/EW5q9i8YlY Rangers have made a late push to sign Juventus midfielder Aaron Ramsey on loan, and Goal believe he has accepted. The Welshman has previously knocked back interest from a number of Premier League sides but now appears set to leave Turin before the end of the day. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has landed in Barcelona for further talks on his proposed loan deal, reveals Gerard Romero. Barcelona hope to bring him in on a six-month loan from Arsenal but need him to accept a massive salary drop to do so. 90min understands that Arsenal are not against the idea of loaning Nicolas Pepe out before the January window closes. You can read more about that here. A potential biggie here. Bild state that Kylian Mbappe has agreed a contract with Real Madrid and has given his word that he will join as a free agent in the summer. PSG are still negotiating with Mbappe in the hope of convincing him to stay. RMC Sport report that Newcastle have submitted a £6.7m bid for West Ham United centre-back Issa Diop. The Magpies are also chasing Dan Burn and are hopeful of landing him after seeing a £13m bid accepted by Brighton. Donny van de Beek has travelled to Liverpool to undergo a medical with Everton ahead of a six-month loan. Everton will pay his full wages but were knocked back in their attempt to add an option to buy, with the Daily Mail stating that United still want him back. Bordeaux could abandon their push to sign Man Utd centre-back Phil Jones, according to Goal. Jones accepted an initial offer before changing his mind and Bordeaux are now looking at other options, but talks remain ongoing. Burnley have completed the signing of Dutch striker Wout Weghorst from Wolfsburg on a permanent deal. ✍️ Welcome to Burnley, Wout Weghorst! #WelcomeWout | #UTC pic.twitter.com/7YaD98Y8QE Alexander Isak does not expect to leave Real Sociedad this month as he understands the club will demand his full release clause of over £70m be paid, say The Telegraph. Sociedad don't want to negotiate over the striker, who is high on Arsenal's wish list, and will hope to price his suitors out of a move. Matt Targett has arrived in Newcastle and is ready to undergo a medical ahead of finalising a six-month loan which may well include an option to buy. First pictures of Matt Targett arriving for his Newcastle United medical ??‍⚕️ Loan deal agreed, with discussions continuing over an option to buy in summer ? #NUFC pic.twitter.com/cfTYSWQk0V Raul de Tomas is on Arsenal's radar as they prepare to offload Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Barcelona, and AS believe he is the top candidate for the job. The 27-year-old, who has a €70m release clause, has bagged 12 goals in 21 games for Espanyol this season. Foot Mercato have revealed that both Tottenham and Newcastle have expressed an interest in Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco. The 28-year-old comes with a €60m release clause which both sides are willing to pay, and talks are on with his agent about a late transfer. Valencia are the latest side to express an interest in signing Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli. The Athletic state that the La Liga side are exploring a potential loan deal, but there is plenty of interest in Dele from other Premier League sides as well. Dejan Kulusevski is one step closer to joining Spurs after passing his medical, says Fabrizio Romano. He's expected to be followed to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium by midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur, whose deal is a little behind as he is in South America on international duty. Le Parisien report that PSG are not interested in paying for Ousmane Dembele this month and are prepared to wait until the summer to get him on a free. Barcelona had offered him to PSG for €20m and had even asked for Angel Di Maria in exchange, but this deal looks dead. Arsenal are braced for the departure of striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on loan to Barcelona, and a handful of names have been suggested as replacements. Alvaro Morata, Raul de Tomas and Alexander Isak have been mentioned in recent hours, but any move will hinge on whether Barcelona can strike a deal to take Aubameyang. 90min understands that Darwin Nunez remains open to joining West Ham from Benfica, and talks between the two clubs will continue today. There are concerns that West Ham may not have enough time to get everything sorted, but the Hammers have not lost hope yet. You can read more about that here. Ousmane Dembele has been offered to PSG, but L'Equipe believe that the Barcelona man actually wants to move to the Premier League, where Chelsea are his preferred destination. The Blues are keen to sign Dembele on a free transfer in the summer and that desire is shared by the Frenchman, but PSG remain determined to land him this month. As well as chasing Ekitike, Newcastle hope to finalise a deal for Aston Villa left-back Matt Targett. A loan move is in the works and Targett is expected on Tyneside for a medical in the coming hours. Good day, @Deniszakaria8 ? pic.twitter.com/u9zoCfPlRE Here's Zakaria arriving for his Juventus medical. A permanent deal worth €8m in total is expected to go through soon. Newcastle remain in talks with Reims over a deal for young striker Hugo Ekitike, 90min can confirm. There are still some details to sort out, but Newcastle are hopeful of kicking off a hectic deadline day with this deal. Bordeaux were knocked back in their first pursuit of Man Utd centre-back Phil Jones, but they're not giving up just yet. You can read more about that here. Denis Zakaria is heading to Juventus to undergo a medical ahead of an €8m transfer. His arrival is expected to lead to at least one exit from the club, with Aaron Ramsey, Arthur and Rodrigo Bentancur all linked with moves away from Juve. Juventus new signing Denis Zakaria on his way for medical tests and contract signing. Deal set to be announced today for €5m plus €3m add ons to Gladbach. ⚪️⚫️ #JuventusContract until June 2026 and done deal. Exclusive pic here ?⤵️ pic.twitter.com/A5sYm3AcbE Todd Cantwell is expected to leave Norwich today, with a loan move to Bournemouth inching closer to completion. 90min has learned that West Ham remain in talks with Benfica striker Darwin Nunez after the two clubs agreed on a fee. A deal is not yet close to completion, but the Hammers are prepared to continue trying. Brentford have confirmed the arrival of former Tottenham and Inter midfielder Christian Eriksen. He's back in the Premier League! ✍ Welcome to Brentford, @ChrisEriksen8 ?#BrentfordFC ? #EriksenJoins pic.twitter.com/O8h5WbdUZ2 Sources have confirmed to 90min that Wolves are the latest side to make a move for Aaron Ramsey of Juventus. You can read more about that here. Real Madrid could move for 19-year-old Young Boys midfielder Fabian Rieder, say Defensa Central. Scouts have identified Rider as a potential long-term successor for Casemiro and he could be brought in soon. Barcelona look to have missed out on the signing of Ajax left-back Nicolas Tagliafico for now as Marca reveal that talks between the two sides have broken down. Benfica's Alex Grimaldo is their preferred alternative, but the current focus is on strengthening their attack. L'Equipe expect confirmation of Tanguy Ndombele's loan switch to Lyon to come early this morning. The Tottenham man has been undergoing some final medical checks but there aren't expected to be any obstacles at this point. Bournemouth have enquired about taking Liverpool right-back Neco Williams on loan, and the Echo believe he is considering it. Liverpool want him to get more game time and they are believed to be keen to send him to Bournemouth. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has agreed to join Barcelona on loan for the remainder of the season and slash his salary to 'almost nothing', say Sport. The hope is that he can now be signed regardless of what happens with Ousmane Dembele, who is being encouraged to leave Camp Nou but yet to really play ball. After initially being rejected, Bordeaux will make another attempt to convince Phil Jones to join them on loan from Man Utd. The centre-back was concerned about the amount of minutes he would get and snubbed their first offer, but this one isn't dead yet.
