Jordan Henderson: Liverpool agree fee with Al Ettifaq
Jul 19, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/jordan-henderson-liverpool-agree-fee-al-ettifaq
Liverpool have agreed a deal in principle with Saudi Pro League outfit Al Ettifaq for captain Jordan Henderson, sources have confirmed to 90min. The 33-year-old became Steven Gerrard's top target when the Anfield legend was appointed manager of Al Ettifaq earlier this month, as 90min revealed, and now talks have progressed. Henderson has been offered a huge tax free contract worth a staggering £100,000-per-day to make the move to the Middle East, and the move is now edging closer towards completion. Since an agreement on personal terms was reached, the two clubs have been locked in talks over a transfer fee, with Liverpool initially demanding £20m for Henderson. Al Ettifaq have now agreed terms on a deal worth around £15m in total - the initial fee is £12m, which is then inflated by add-ons. feed Henderson is currently in Germany with Liverpool as they faced Karlsruher on Wednesday evening, but he was withdrawn from the matchday squad as transfer talks neared a conclusion.  After their win over Karlsruher, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was asked about Henderson but he admitted to not knowing much about the situation. “There’s actually nothing to say. As long as things are not really finally decided, we don’t have to talk about it. There will be a moment where we probably have to talk about it, but it’s not now," said Klopp. "I don’t know that anything is decided, which means nothing to say in the moment. But that’s even better for you because you can speculate, which is much more fun! If I say something then it’s finished.” The 33-year-old is now due to travel to Croatia for a medical, where Al Ettifaq are currently based for a pre-season camp. Henderson is set to be one of two players to depart for Anfield for the Saudi Pro League this week as they also have an agreement in place with Al Ittihad for Brazilian midfielder Fabinho. That deal is worth £40m and is in the final stages of being concluded.
