Trevoh Chalobah: Inter & Roma rivalling Premier League interest in Chelsea defender
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/trevoh-chalobah-inter-roma-rivalling-premier-league-interest-chelsea-defender
Chelsea defender Trevoh Chalobah is attracting interest from Serie A duo Inter and Roma ahead of a possible loan exit from Stamford Bridge, 90min understands. The 23-year-old academy graduate managed 20 Premier League appearances last season but the arrivals of Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella have pushed Chalobah down the pecking order this season, and he could be further out of favour if the Blues end up striking a deal for top target Wesley Fofana. If Fofana, or indeed any other defender, arrives at the club before the end of the transfer window, then Chalobah is expected to be made available for loan and sources have confirmed to 90min that there is no shortage of interest in the versatile defender. Serie A giants Inter and Roma have both expressed an interest in Chalobah, who is a centre-back by trade but has spent most of senior career playing as a defensive midfielder. In England, Chalobah's representatives have been contacted by Everton, Leeds, Nottingham Forest and Southampton, all of whom would be interested in signing the 23-year-old if he does hit the market. Still under contract until 2026, Chalobah is still rated by many at Chelsea and a permanent departure from the Bridge is unlikely as a result. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! His immediate future depends on Chelsea's pursuit of another defender, namely Fofana, who is the club's top target for the remainder of this transfer window. The 21-year-old Frenchman is pushing to make the move to Chelsea this summer but Leicester's £85m price tag - tied with Harry Maguire's world record for a defender - has proven too high for the Blues, who have already failed with bids of £60m and £70m.
