Bayern Munich confirm Javi Martinez will leave club at end of season
May 4, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-confirm-javi-martinez-will-leave-the-club-at-end-of-the-season
Bayern Munich have revealed Javi Martinez won't be extending his deal at the club and will subsequently leave on a free transfer at the end of the season. The Spanish midfielder is nearing the end of his ninth season with the German champions and has won almost everything there is to be won during his time in Bavaria. Der FC Bayern und @Javi8martinez sagen nach neun gemeinsamen, sehr erfolgreichen Jahren einander Servus und aus tiefstem Herzen vielen Dank.#GraciasJavi ❤️ #MiaSanMia The 32-year-old's future has been speculated about for some time now with no news over a renewed deal at the club forthcoming, and Bayern have now confirmed he will be leaving this summer, taking to their official website to announce the news and to thank him for his efforts. "FC Bayern and Javi Martínez say goodbye to each other after nine very successful years together and thank you from the bottom of my heart," the statement read. "The club and the players have mutually agreed not to extend the contract that expires on 30 June. The Spaniard came to the German record champions in 2012 and quickly became one of the formative pillars of the team. "In Martinez's debut season, FC Bayern won the first triple in its history, and this success was repeated last summer, which became the historic six-title year. The 32-year-old has celebrated the German championship every season so far, has won the UEFA Super Cup and the Club World Cup twice, the DFB-Pokal Cup five times and the DFL Supercup four times. "At the end of the season, Javi Martínez, David Alaba, Jerome Boateng as well as head coach Hansi Flick, duly adopted by FC Bayern in recognition of their great performance for the club." Martinez also provided a brief statement thanking the fans for this continued support and adding Bayern will forever he a club he holds close to his heart.
