Football transfer rumours: De Gea likely to leave Man Utd; Arsenal face fight in Havertz race
Jun 17, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-de-gea-man-utd-arsenal-havertz-17-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... David de Gea is set to leave Manchester United when his contract expires at the end of the month, with terms over a new deal still yet to be agreed. He has lucrative offers on the table from clubs in the Saudi Pro League. (Daily Mirror) In terms of summer incomings, Manchester United have been offered the chance to sign striker Goncalo Ramos from Benfica, with Tottenham also a potential destination. (The Sun) This news follows on from reports that Manchester United have decided to end their pursuit of Harry Kane. (Independent) Across Manchester, Ilkay Gundogan is still yet to make a decision on his future. His Manchester City contract expires at the end of the month, and Barcelona consider his signing a 'priority'. (The Athletic) PSG will ask Real Madrid to send them Rodrygo as part of negotiations for Kylian Mbappe once Los Blancos make their move to sign the Frenchman. (Defensa Central) Real Madrid are unwilling to submit an offer for Mbappe until PSG set a firm asking price. (MARCA) manual Arsenal have moved ahead of Newcastle in the race to sign Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby this summer. (L'Equipe) However, Arsenal have seen an opening bid for Kai Havertz knocked back by Chelsea. The two clubs remain in talks over a fee for the forward. (Daily Telegraph) Bayern Munich are ready to rival Arsenal for Havertz, with the Germany international previously admitting it would be hard to turn down a move to Bavaria. (Sky Sport Germany) Liverpool and Newcastle are ready to battle Arsenal for another forward in Villarreal's Samuel Chukwueze. (Fichajes) One Villarreal forward on his way to the Premier League is Nicolas Jackson, who has agreed terms with Chelsea. The Blues are expected to agree a fee with the Yellow Submarine one way or another, with the 21-year-old's contract containing a relatively low €35m release clause. (The Athletic)
