Man City 'Reach Agreement' to Sign Top Target Ferran Torres
Jul 29, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-reach-agreement-to-sign-top-target-ferran-torres
Manchester City are said to have reached an agreement with Valencia regarding the transfer of Ferran Torres, with a breakthrough in talks coming on Wednesday.  Following confirmation that City's two-year European ban had been overturned, the club have since been linked with a number of players. With Leroy Sane recently completing his transfer to Bayern Munich, Torres is a name that has been mentioned a number of times as a potential replacement.  The 20-year-old, who has now entered the final year of his contract at Valencia, is already said to have agreed personal terms with Man City ahead of a potential move. Sports journalist Hector Gomez of Golsmedia Sports has now taken to his Twitter to report that the two clubs are now in 'very advanced negotiations' after a breakthrough in talks.  Man City have agreed to pay €25m up front for the Spaniard's services, with a further €10m in add-ons. Torres does have an £87m release clause in his contract, but considering the time left on his current deal as well as Valencia's need to raise funds, the Premier League outfit have seemingly been able to negotiate the fee down.  Fabrizio Romano has also reported on his Twitter that an agreement is close and advanced talks are taking place between the two clubs. As for personal terms, Torres has agreed a deal until 2025 with City. Advanced talks between Man City and Valencia for Ferran Torres. Personal terms agreed until June 2025. The agreement is now close. ? #MCFC #ManCity #transfers MARCA go one further, however, reporting that Man City have 'reached an agreement' with Valencia for Torres. MARCA also note that a €25m fee has been agreed, but the Citizens will pay €12m in add-ons - rather than €10m.  This comes after ESPN reported that the Sky Blues have made Torres their top transfer target this summer. Torres himself is keen on the move, while Valencia have recognised that they have little choice but to sell him. 
