Transfer rumours: Liverpool consider Salah exit; Ronaldo to Bayern links false
Jun 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-liverpool-consider-salah-exit-ronaldo-to-bayern-links-false
Bayern Munich director Hasan Salihamidzic says the club are not interested in signing Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United this summer. Chelsea will listen to offers for goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga after he expressed a desire to play more games. The 27-year-old cost remains the world's most expensive stopper, costing the Blues £71.6m in 2018. Liverpool will consider allowing Mohamed Salah to follow Sadio Mane out of the Anfield exit door, providing they can find a replacement. The Egyptian has just one year remaining on his contract and could walk away for free next summer. Leeds winger Raphinha has turned down offers from the Premier League because he only wants to join Barcelona. Barcelona are hoping that Tottenham can lure Clement Lenglet to north London to kickstart a summer clear out at Camp Nou. Manchester City are making progress in their talks with Brighton over a deal for Marc Cucurella. The Premier League champions agreed a deal with Leeds on Friday evening for Kalvin Phillips worth £45m. Crystal Palace may struggle to bring Aaron Wan-Bissaka back to the club on loan because of his high Manchester United wages. The 24-year-old departed Selhurst Park in 2019 in a move worth £50m. Real Madrid are concerned that Toni Kroos will leave the club on a free transfer after rejecting their offer of a new contract. Matthijs de Ligt may be heading for the Juventus exit door after talks over a new deal stalled. Chelsea are among a number of sides interested in signing the 22-year-old, with the Blues considering offering Timo Werner as a makeweight. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Newcastle's decision to pull out of a deal for Hugo Ekitike and offer the latest on Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Negotiations are ongoing between Barcelona and Manchester United for Frenkie de Jong, but the two clubs are currently apart in their valuation of the Dutchman. Ajax winger Antony missed the first day of pre-season training as speculation over a move to Manchester United continues. Chelsea are also keen on the Brazilian winger. Newcastle could rival West Ham for the signing of Chelsea striker Armando Broja after stepping back in their pursuit of Reims' Hugo Ekitike. The Magpies are also closing in on the signing of Lille defender Sven Botman after finally agreeing a fee with the former Ligue 1 champions. West Ham will complete the permanent signing of Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper Alphonse Areola in the coming days.
