Chelsea Re-Open Contract Talks With Willian After Winger Declines China Move
Jul 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-transfer-rumour-willian-new-contract
Chelsea have reached out to winger Willian in an attempt to finally thrash out a new contract for the Brazilian. Willian's current deal expires at the end of the season but talks over an extension stalled months ago. The 31-year-old was pushing for a three-year deal, but Chelsea were only willing to offer two years. As noted by Goal, the Blues have now moved away from their policy of only offering one-year extensions to players over 30 years old and they are happy to give Willian two years, but they remain adamant that he will not be given a third. Chelsea are well aware of interest in Willian from London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur and they are keen to keep the 31-year-old away from both sides, but only if they are happy with the deal. Willian wants to remain in London and has already rejected the chance to move to a Chinese Super League side, so it is expected that he would choose to jump ship to one of the aforementioned teams if this latest round of talks leads to nothing. CHELSEA STRIKE FIRST BLOOD ?What a strike from Willian!? Watch on Sky Sports Premier League? Follow #TOTCHE here: https://t.co/afwEz0tok8? Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/cUpH1SwjiU Frank Lampard, who has made no secret of his desire to keep Willian at the club, has been hugely impressed with the winger's recent form. He fired home his ninth and tenth goals of the season in the 3-2 loss to West Ham and is approaching his personal best of 13. Willian has agreed to stick around until the end of the season and hopes to continue even longer, but this will all come down to whether he is ready to accept less than three years. Chelsea are still hoping to raise money for their pursuits of Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz & Leicester City's Ben Chilwell, but instead of cutting Willian's salary, selling left-back Emerson Palmieri appears to be one likely source of income.
