Who Is Gabriel Magalhães? The Inside Scoop From France
Aug 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/who-is-gabriel-magalhaes-the-inside-scoop-from-france-on-arsenal-transfer
The summer transfer window is in full swing, and despite the global coronavirus pandemic affecting the majority of purse strings, there are still significant amounts of money being exchanged around Europe. Chelsea are the standout heavyweight spenders of the summer so far, with Frank Lampard's under the radar conquest to transport Roman Abramovich back to 2003 appearing to be a resounding success.  But it's not just the west side of the capital dabbling in fresh faces, no no. Over in the red half of north London, there's another head coach looking to revive the fortunes of a club he once played for - and he goes by the name of Mikel Arteta. The Spaniard has an FA Cup already tucked into his managerial waistband - after honing his craft alongside the genius that is Pep Guardiola - but is now taking off-the-field matters into his own hands. He's not only sanctioning the clear-out of some of Arsenal's deadwood, he's bringing in new, fresh - and more importantly, talented - faces. One such player about to head through the arrivals door is Lille central defender Gabriel Magalhães. Admittedly, the 22-year-old Brazilian is a bit of an unknown quantity in these parts, but by all accounts he's a talented centre-back who could be the future of the club. To find out more about him, we got in touch with our expert on the ground - 90min's very own Kristen Collie - and asked him to provide us a quick-fire dossier on what to expect. Here's what he had to say. This was a question I asked myself two years when he came back to Lille after spending time on loan at Dinamo Zagreb.  Back then, Gabriel was just a kid but now he's a 22-year-old Brazilian with plenty of ability. Not only is he good, he's another example of Lille's increasingly fruitful transfer market strategy - which brings young players to the club on the cheap before selling them on for sizeable profits. Gabriel arrived from Brazilian side Avai for €3m back in 2017, aged just 19, and was sent on successive loan spells to Troyes and then Zagreb. He didn't too much at either, but after returning to Lille a year later he finally showed his worth. Now, a transfer fee of €27m is agreed - not bad business, eh?  @losclive ❤️ A post shared by  Gabriel Magalhães (@_gabrielmagalhaes) on Jun 29, 2020 at 10:08am PDT Gabriel has been exceptional over the past 12 months, having earned a regular place in Lille's side at the conclusion of the 2018/19 campaign. Alongside captain and former Southampton and West Ham star José Fonte, he has become a crucial part of one of the meanest defences in the league, forming a solid partnership with the experienced Portugal international. Fonte's experience has been crucial in helping Gabriel development. He's brought the serenity and fighting spirit required to keep Lille's defence working together for the full 90 minutes, while the Brazilian has shone with his tenacity and reading of the game. He also started every one of Lille's Champions League games last season. Gabriel is a strong, technically gifted left-footer who excels in the tackle. Standing 6'2, he's very good in the air and is widely regarded in France to be one of Ligue 1's most competent defenders in that regards. Lille's president Gérard Lopez once commented that 'he has a lot of character for a 22-year-old', also noting his exceptional speed across the ground to get back into position. He is not the finished article though, evidenced best by Lille's heavy Champions League defeats to Valencia and Ajax during 2018/19. Gabriel's speed often gets him out of trouble, but his lack of positional awareness cost him dearly in those two games. He may have just left neighbourhood rivals Tottenham, but Gabriel's style is reminiscent of Jan Vertonghen. In his prime, the Belgian was very reliable in the air and good on the ball, proving time and again that he could advance forward and pick a pass out. Vertonghen was also pretty quick for a centre-back, and occasionally played at left-back - something Gabriel can do if needed. The overriding similarity is that they're obviously both left footed, and there's no reason why Gabriel can't emulate the career Vertonghen enjoyed in England. In the long term, for sure. Initially, he may struggle to settle and we must remember that Gabriel has only played one full season of Ligue 1 football. Undeniably, he's a talented defender who will improve in time, but Arsenal would be wise not to weigh him down with heavy expectations because he's costing in the region of €27m. If we look back a decade, Laurent Koscielny arrived with similar question marks around his ability - and he had far more experience under his belt.
