West Ham ready to consider release clause in new Declan Rice contract
May 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-ready-consider-release-clause-new-declan-rice-contract
West Ham are ready to soften their stance over including a release clause in any new contract offered to Declan Rice, 90min understands. The 23-year-old is a long-term transfer target for Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea, and has repeatedly been linked with a move away from London Stadium. Rice has shunned new contract offers put forward to him by West Ham over the last 12 months as he is understandably keen to evaluate his options, but the Hammers are reluctant to cash in on their soon-to-be club captain - and instead wish to build a team around him that is capable of regularly challenging for a top four finish and Champions League football. Two years remain on Rice's current contract, with the option of an additional year, yet West Ham recognise that the deal he signed back in 2019 no longer represents his standing at the club or in the game.  Indeed, the England international could likely command wages approaching £250,000 per week were he to move on, though he has always stated that any future move will be geared around an ambition to win trophies rather than money. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss West Ham's Declan Rice contract plans, Gabriel Jesus'  Manchester City future and how Aston Villa still want Yves Bissouma despite adding Boubacar Kamara to their ranks. There's also chat on Kylian Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, Aurielen Tchouameni & Mohamed Salah. Nevertheless, Rice is due a substantial pay rise and West Ham are willing to make him their highest earner. However, 90min understands that the club are now coming around to the idea of including a release clause in his contract, freeing Rice to leave if an interested party were to match the valuation in full. Such a practice has been never been authorised by majority owner David Sullivan in the past, but is an indication of West Ham's desire for Rice to be rewarded with fresh terms, as well as preserving his value in the transfer market. It is also a practice that West Ham will only consider implementing for Rice, and will not be entertained during new contract talks for Jarrod Bowen, Tomas Soucek or anybody else.
