Chelsea open talks with Lyon over Rayan Cherki
Jul 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-open-talks-lyon-rayan-cherki
Chelsea have reached out to Lyon to discuss a summer deal for 19-year-old midfielder Rayan Cherki, 90min understands. The Blues are rejuvenating their attacking line this summer. Both Mason Mount and Kai Havertz have already left, while Christian Pulisic's move to AC Milan is imminent and there are further plans to part ways with Hakim Ziyech, Romelu Lukaku, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Callum Hudson-Odoi. Nicolas Jackson and Christopher Nkunku have arrived at Stamford Bridge but another creative forward is desired and sources have confirmed to 90min that Cherki has emerged as a player of real interest. Chelsea officials have followed Cherki for a while now and have been hugely impressed by the 19-year-old, and the Blues have reached out to Lyon to discuss a possible summer move. Lyon, who are prepared to offload a handful of big names as they battle financial problems, have put a price tag of €50m (£43m) on Cherki's head. Such a fee is thought to be too high for Chelsea, who believe a deal can be struck for closer to the €35m (£30m) mark.  feed The two clubs have already had plenty of contact in 2023. Chelsea bought right-back Malo Gusto from Lyon in January for a fee of €30m and loaned him back to the French side for the remainder of the season, while Lyon submitted a bid for winger Pulisic which was rejected by the player himself. Cherki, whose contract has two years left to run, is understood to be keen to reunite with Gusto at Stamford Bridge. Elsewhere, 90min understands that Chelsea chiefs have held talks over another French star, Montpellier striker Elye Wahi, while Egyptian winger Ibrahim Adel has also emerged as a potential signing. Both players could be targets for the Blues' new sister side, Strasbourg. Strasbourg have also been touted to seal the loan signing of Brazilian starlet Angelo Gabriel, whose move from Santos to Chelsea is expected to be confirmed imminently.
