Erik ten Hag press conference: Rashford future; Ronaldo starting; Brighton loss
Aug 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-press-conference-rashford-future-ronaldo-starting-brighton-loss
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says he does not want to lose Marcus Rashford amid transfer interest from Paris Saint-Germain. The Dutchman was asked about the future of Rashford at his weekly press conference, this time ahead of the trip to Brentford. United opened up their Premier League season with a surprise 2-1 defeat to Brighton at Old Trafford, and must now bounce back against a Bees side that fought back from two goals down last Sunday to earn a point at Leicester. Cristiano Ronaldo was also on the agenda, in regards to whether or not he will return to the starting lineup, while Ten Hag also gave an update on the fitness of Anthony Martial. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "He's a really important player, you have seen from the first day I'm here, I'm really happy with him, I don't want to lose him, he's definitely in our plans at Manchester United." "He had a good training week, I thought he played a little bit longer than half an hour, he's had two half games and for the starting XI we will see tomorrow. My decision, I keep it." "Anthony Martial will not be available and Victor Lindelof as well, not for this weekend." "I'm happy, I think we're cooperating really well, I cannot tell about any individuals, I cannot talk about players under contract at other clubs." "What I always do after every game: I analyse the game, what went well, what went wrong, where can we improve, what do we have to improve, how we can train and we tell the players and show them how to improve to get solutions.
