Chelsea in talks over loan exits for Lewis Hall & Cesare Casadei
Aug 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-talks-loan-exits-lewis-hall-cesare-casadei
Chelsea are expected to agree to the loan departures of both Lewis Hall and Cesare Casadei, 90min understands, with talks underway over both players' next moves. Hall, 18, made his breakthrough into the senior side last season, seeing a number of appearances at left-back under Frank Lampard despite most of his academy training coming as a central midfielder. Chelsea have plenty of competition for minutes at left-back, with Ian Maatsen's sensational loan with Burnley seeing him kept in a squad which already includes both Ben Chilwell and Marc Cucurella, and now 90min understands a loan move is on the cards for Hall. Talks are on with Crystal Palace, who are looking to sign Hall on a loan deal which would not include a purchase clause. Chelsea are huge believers in Hall, who has three years remaining on his contract, and want to see the teenager back at Stamford Bridge next summer. The negotiations over Hall are being kept separate from those involving Palace's Michael Olise, for whom Chelsea are confident of getting a deal over the line. feed Hall is expected to be followed out of the door by 20-year-old Casadei who, after six months on loan with Reading last season, is set to get his next taste of senior football with Leicester City. Chelsea had hoped to find a top-flight suitor for Casadei, whose meteoric rise to prominence continued with a stunning Under-20 World Cup campaign this summer, but believe the chance to work under new Foxes boss Enzo Maresca towards the top of the Championship could be beneficial for the Italian. Both players were given a handful of opportunities under new manager Mauricio Pochettino during pre-season but the Blues' bloated squad means there is significant competition for minutes and so the decisions have been taken to look for loan moves. Chelsea will also decide on the futures of fellow young midfielders Andrey Santos and Carney Chukwuemeka, both of whom saw plenty of minutes in pre-season.
