Transfer rumours: Real's funds for Bellingham move; new Bernardo Silva contract
Aug 21, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-real-madrid-bellingham-move-bernardo-silva-contract
Manchester United target Antony has skipped training again and could be left out of Ajax's squad for their clash with Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday - United had a £67.6m bid rejected on Friday. The Red Devils also remain keen on PSV forward Cody Gakpo, but any potential move will have to wait until the Dutch club have concluded their Champions League play-off tie with Rangers. Erik ten Hag's side could still move for Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic, who has been starved of regular first team football under Thomas Tuchel. Real Madrid may use the cash from the sale of Casemiro to fund a move for Borussia Dortmund and England starlet Jude Bellingham. Manchester City are planning a big contract extension for Bernardo Silva to convince him to stay and reject ongoing interest from Barcelona. Barcelona may look to loan Marcos Alonso from Chelsea in the final days of the transfer window instead of using him in a deal involving Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Liverpool could make a move for AC Milan midfielder Ismael Bennacer, who has less than two years remaining on his contract at San Siro. Chelsea and Everton are among the sides monitoring Brentford striker Ivan Toney, who has already scored twice in the Premier League this season. Memphis Depay's move to Juventus is in danger of falling through due to differences over wages. The Serie A giants could target Marko Arnautovic and Arkadiusz Milik instead. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Newcastle United may rival Anderlecht for the signing of young Bayern Munich forward Joshua Zirkzee. Inter are adamant they will not negotiate with Paris Saint-Germain over a deal for Milan Skriniar. The Ligue 1 champions are, however, making progress in their efforts to sign Fabian Ruiz from Napoli. Manchester United midfielder James Garner is attracting interest from Premier League sides, with Tottenham, Leeds and Southampton all keen on the 21-year-old.
