Manchester United Rival Inter & AC Milan in Race to Sign Sandro Tonali
Aug 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-united-rival-inter-ac-milan-sandro-tonali
Manchester United have made an approach to sign Sandro Tonali this summer, who is being courted by Italian sides Inter and AC Milan. Tonali, dubbed the 'new Andrea Pirlo', has been on the radar of a number of clubs this summer, having shone as the outstanding talent at hometown club Brescia. Having secured promotion with the club into Serie A during the 2018/19 season, despite making 35 appearances, scoring one goal and registering seven assists in the league, Tonali was unable to prevent Brescia from suffering an immediate return to the second tier.  Con te tra i piedi ⚽️ sempre a testa alta!  #PlayWithLove  @nikefootball A post shared by  Sandro Tonali (@sandrotonali) on Jul 10, 2020 at 12:50pm PDT Links to fellow Italian sides Inter and Milan have been prevalent all summer, however, Corriere dello Sport (via SportWitness) state that there was 'recently a phone call' from the Red Devils asking about the situation. It's been previously speculated that Tonali would prefer to remain in his home country to further his development, with all the most recent updates suggesting that Inter will be his next destination. The same Italian report claims there is an 'armoured agreement' between Antonio Conte's side and Tonali to bring the 20-year-old in on an initial loan deal, that would include and obligation to buy for €35m - although that deal could rise to €40m with bonuses included. This agreement has been put in place to avoid Inter losing out on the signing by any late involvement of other clubs, such as United. Interest does exist from the very same city, however, as Milan have stepped up their interest in the midfielder. As per Gianluca Di Marzio, I Rossoneri are looking to hijack the deal with their own proposition, as conflicting reports claim Inter are yet to reach the 'heart' of negotiations. Depending where you look, Milan have also been claimed to have backed off the case and are instead pushing through with a deal for Chelsea's Tiémoué Bakayoko, which is near completion.
