Arsenal in talks with Real Madrid over Martin Odegaard loan
Jan 21, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-martin-odegaard-real-madrid-loan
Arsenal have reached out to Real Madrid about a deal to bring Norwegian midfielder Martin Odegaard to the Emirates Stadium on loan. Real cut short Odegaard's loan with Real Sociedad to bring him back to the club last summer, but he has managed just nine appearances in all competitions this season, including just one La Liga start since September. It's understood that Odegaard has asked to leave Real once again this month, and according to Sky Sports News, Arsenal have made contact to try and get a deal done. Thanks to the emergence of Emile Smith Rowe, the Gunners aren't as desperate to sign a creative midfielder as they once were, but they still want somebody to come in and help the 20-year-old shoulder the burden. That has seen Arsenal turn to Odegaard, and The Athletic add that they are seen as one of the strongest contenders to sign the Norway international. The two sides already have an open line of communication stemming from Dani Ceballos' time in London, and Arsenal hope to take advantage of that. Real boss Zinedine Zidane has already approved Odegaard's request to leave, and it is believed that the decision will be left up to the player himself. In the Spanish press, Arsenal don't get much attention. Instead, the belief is that he will choose to stay in La Liga, with a handful of sides pushing to land the player who was once seen as the most exciting young midfielder on the planet. Deportes Cuatro believe it's Sevilla who are winning the race for his signature, but Marca add that Sociedad have stepped up their interest in recent hours and look to be making real progress on a deal. It's thought that Sociedad are Odegaard's preferred destination because he knows the club well. During his time there last season, he racked up seven goals and nine assists in all competitions, showcasing form which many felt would earn him a spot in Real's starting lineup.
