Erik ten Hag makes 'best in the world' plea to Marcus Rashford
Jan 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-makes-best-in-the-world-plea-marcus-rashford
Erik ten Hag has urged Marcus Rashford to sign a new contract with Manchester United in order to help them become the best team in world football. The Red Devils recently triggered an extension clause in Rashford's deal to ensure he would not become a free agent this summer, with his contract now running until 2024. Rashford is currently enjoying one of his best seasons for United and has been one of the focal points of Ten Hag's rebuild this term. Speaking ahead of United's Carabao Cup semi-final first leg against Nottingham Forest, Ten Hag was reluctant to delve into the details of negotiations with Rashford's camp, but did outline his ambitions for the club with him in the side. "This is the best place to be because we want to construct the best team - first in England, then Europe, then the world," he said. "It is confidential, talks between clubs and players, [but] he understands Manchester United is his club and also in this environment, this team, he is playing his best football. He is improving, he is giving 100%. "He can bring his qualities and this team can help him be in the right position to score goals. The team is constructed so that his qualities come to the fore. He knows he is important for us and if we want to succeed we need him." On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss some of the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Ten Hag added: "I think he understands Man United is his club, that’s first but also, in this environment, in this team, I think he is playing his best football. "He is improving and that is about him because he’s working on the good things. He is giving 100 per cent energy in it and he has a good plan and I think also in this team he can bring his qualities.
