Crystal Palace Sign Michy Batshuayi on Loan From Chelsea 
Sep 10, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/crystal-palace-sign-michy-batshuayi-loan-chelsea
Crystal Palace have confirmed the signing of Michy Batshuayi on a season long loan, with Chelsea confirming the Belgian striker has put pen to paper on a one-year contract extension at Stamford Bridge. The forward started just once in the Premier League for the Blues last season, but enjoyed his most fruitful spell in English football while at Crystal Palace during the second half of the 2018/19 campaign. Palace are thought to have an option to buy as part of the deal. ? He's baaaaack.#CPFC | https://t.co/utMcYSDkhb Batshuayi scored six goals in 13 appearances for the Eagles during his previous loan spell, and with Roy Hodgson's side the second lowest scorers in the division last season - only bottom side Norwich found the net on fewer occasions - strengthening their attacking options was a must in the window. Batshuayi told Palace's website: "I feel like I’m home now, so it’s good. But I need to do a good season here, to work a lot with my teammates and I want to do my best here. "It’s not my first time here. I know the teammates, I know the gaffer, I know how the club works here. For me, it’s the best decision. I'm happy, the coach is happy, my teammates are happy. Let's get to work." The 26-year-old has struggled to establish himself at Chelsea since signing from Marseille for £33m in 2016. He has not featured for the Blues since his 18-minute cameo against Bournemouth in February, and has fallen further down the pecking order following the arrival of Timo Werner. Although Batshuayi is not considered to have a future at Stamford Bridge, he has still been handed a contract extension by the club - but this simply allows Chelsea to protect his value and not lose him on a free next summer. The move will enable Batshuayi to play regular first team football and stake a claim for a spot in the Belgium squad ahead of the 2020 European Championships next summer.
