Folarin Balogun makes firm decision about Arsenal future
Jun 19, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/folarin-balogun-makes-firm-decision-arsenal-future
Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun refuses to be sent out on loan again during the 2023/24 season, forcing the Gunners to either hand him a first-team role or sell him on a permanent transfer. Balogun has made 10 senior appearances for Arsenal, but has spent the last 18 months elsewhere in search of more consistent opportunities. That included half a season at Middlesbrough in the second half of 2021/22 and then a breakout year with Reims in France. The talented forward scored 21 times in 37 Ligue 1 games across 2022/23 to help the club achieve their best finish for three years, while only Kylian Mbappe (29), Alexandre Lacazette (27) and Jonathan David (24) found the net more often. New York-born Balogun, who represented England at junior international level, has since made his senior debut for the United States and scored in their CONCACAF Nations League final win over Canada on Sunday night. Afterwards, he was asked about his club future. feed "What I can say is that I definitely won't go on loan again," he stressed. "I'm not sure [about] the discussions that are going to take place, I'm not sure what's going to happen." Balogun is under contract at Arsenal until the summer of 2025, although his status is substantially different than it was when he signed that deal in 2021. 90min reported in March that it is Arsenal’s intention to keep Balogun but talks will need to be held to determine the best outcome for everyone involved. There has been interest from other clubs given his form for Reims, but the Gunners are not rushing to cash in. Competition for places is likely to be tough next season at the Emirates Stadium, although one thing that could fall in Balogun’s favour if he stays is that the goals were spread around throughout 2022/23. Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli and Martin Odegaard each scored 15 in all competitions, while Gabriel Jesus got 11 in an injury-disrupted season and Eddie Nketiah pitched in nine.
