Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid make Mbappe decision; Pochettino's Mount demand
May 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-make-mbappe-decision-pochettino-mount-demand-14-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid are not looking to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain this summer, with club officials adamant that they will never pay a single penny to the French side after a complete collapse of the relationship between the two teams. (Marca) Leaving Real Madrid could be left-back Ferland Mendy, who is on the transfer last at the Bernabeu and has attracted interest from Arsenal. (Daily Mirror) Liverpool are keen to force themselves to the front of the queue for Brighton midfielder Alexis Mac Allister and are preparing a £70m bid to get the job done. (Daily Mirror) There is also interest from Liverpool in Roma striker Tammy Abraham, who has been identified as a possible replacement for Roberto Firmino at Anfield. The England international is also wanted by Aston Villa and Newcastle. (Fichajes) Incoming Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino wants Mason Mount to stay at Stamford Bridge and will look to reignite talks over a contract extension. (Daily Mail) But Pochettino has also requested a reunion with Tottenham midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, who is now on Chelsea's wish list. (Fichajes) Chelsea's midfield rebuild will also include a £70m bid for Brighton's Moises Caicedo. (Fichajes) feed Barcelona have struck a verbal agreement with the agent of Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves but club officials have not yet considered a formal approach to the Premier League side as Xavi believes there are better transfer targets available. (Mundo Deportivo) Kyle Walker will reject the chance to leave Manchester City this summer and intends to see out the final 12 months of his contract. (Sun) The ambitious Aston Villa are targeting both Real Madrid midfielder Marco Asensio and Barcelona forward Ferran Torres. (Sport) But Torres has made it clear that he wants to stay with Barcelona and has denied holding talks with Villa. (Mundo Deportivo) Lisandro Martinez is in line for a bumper new contract as Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is pushing for the centre-back to be handed a huge pay rise as a reward for his impressive debut season at Old Trafford. (Sun)
