Newcastle keen on double swoop for James Maddison and Youri Tielemans
Sep 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-double-swoop-james-maddison-youri-tielemans
Newcastle United have Leicester City midfield duo James Maddison and Youri Tielemans in their sights for 2023, 90min understands. The Magpies lodged unsuccessful bids for Maddison over the summer and were close to matching the Foxes' £50m valuation, but Leicester are looking to tie down the England international to a new contract. 90min understands that Leicester have been trying for much of this year to hammer out a deal for Maddison, but as yet there has been no sign of an agreement. His current deal due to run until 2024. Maddison has a number of Premier League admirers but Newcastle’s interest remains strong after being highlighted by Eddie Howe as a primary target. Likewise, Tielemans is another Fox that Howe is a fan of and another Leicester player who is not going to sign a new contract. The Belgian star has made it clear that he is not going to sign an extension at the King Power Stadium, but unlike Maddison, his contract expires at the end of the season, meaning he would likely have a price-tag of less than £20m in the January window. Tielemans will be able to leave on a free transfer at the end of the season, but it is understood that Leicester are open to him leaving in January. Newcastle are far from being the only suitors for either player and they are keen to back Howe in the New Year, though it remains to be seen how much they are willing to splash out in January. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Sean Walsh bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Jude Bellingham's future, Bayern Munich's interest in Harry Kane, widespread Premier League interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk and plenty more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The club’s owners are keeping a close eye on their Financial Fair Play situation, but as they showed in the summer with the club-record signing of Aleksandar Isak, they will provide funds if required if they can meet these restrictions.
