Transfer rumours: Chelsea give in to Lukaku demands; Bayern prepare new Mane bid
Jun 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-chelsea-give-in-to-lukaku-demands-bayern-prepare-new-mane-bid
Chelsea are willing to grant Romelu Lukaku's wish to rejoin Inter this summer, even if only on an initial loan deal. Belgium's record goalscorer swapped San Siro for Stamford Bridge only one year ago but has failed to settle back in west London following his club-record £97.5m switch. Bayern Munich are reading a new bid for Sadio Mane worth nearly £35m. However, Liverpool are continuing to hold out for a fee of at least £40m. Paul Pogba's free transfer from Manchester United to Juventus is all but complete and an announcement from the Turin club could come by the weekend. This will be the second time the Frenchman will have swapped Old Trafford for the Allianz Stadium in his career. Real Madrid are already planning to beat England's elite clubs to the signing of Jude Bellingham next summer and are preparing a package worth approximately €90m for the Borussia Dortmund starlet. Arsenal and Tottenham have joined Barcelona in the race to sign Raphinha from Leeds, with the Blaugrana continuing to stall over a deal for the Brazil forward. His international teammate, Richarlison, is said to prefer a move to either Spurs or Chelsea over Arsenal as Everton look to raise funds this summer. However, fellow Brazilian Gabriel Jesus has his eyes firmly set on a move to the Emirates Stadium and is hoping to reunite with former Manchester City assistant Mikel Arteta. Manchester United have firmed up their interest in Christian Eriksen, who is expected to leave Brentford later this month. Tottenham remain the frontrunners for his signature, however. Meanwhile, Frenkie de Jong has admitted that while he is flattered by the interest Manchester United have shown in him, he is happy at the 'biggest club in the world' in Barcelona. The Red Devils are also continuing to pursue Ajax winger Antony. Aurelien Tchouameni has admitted that Kylian Mbappe tried to persuade him to join Paris Saint-Germain, but he only wanted to sign for Real Madrid. Wolves are looking to freshen up their midfield with moves for Sporting CP's Joao Palhinha and Porto's Vitinha. Ruben Neves is expected to leave, with Manchester United and Barcelona keeping tabs on his situation. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United’s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. Marc Roca will undergo a medical at Leeds later this week after the club agreed a fee with Bayern Munich for the Spaniard. He will become their third signing of the summer after Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen joined from Red Bull Salzburg. Yves Bissouma is edging closer to a move to Tottenham from Brighton after the clubs agreed a £26m fee and a medical has been pencilled in for Thursday.
