The Best Transfers on EFL Deadline Day - Ranked
Oct 17, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/best-transfers-on-efl-deadline-day-ranked
If you were asked to summarise the EFL in one word then 'frantic' probably wouldn't be too far from the top of your list. So when each manager is afforded just 24 hours to complete their final pieces of business (free-transfers aside) you can pretty much guarantee you're in for a day of utter madness - and that's exactly what we got. ? What a day!Goodnight, #Rovers fans! ?#WeAreTogether ?⚪️ pic.twitter.com/6xXxTuRpCT Blackburn Rovers were the biggest movers of the day with no fewer than four new faces arriving at Ewood Park, while Premier League champions Liverpool took the opportunity to offload some of their youngsters as they went in search of regular football. With the dust beginning to settle on another breathless deadline day, we take a look back at the best last-ditch deals and pick out our number one. Bear with us on this one...Yes, he's been absolutely rubbish for a few years now and yes he can barely get into the squad of a struggling Stoke team. However, it wasn't so long ago Jack Butland was being talked of as a future England number one with a big-money move to Liverpool rumoured to be on the cards.No-one with as much talent as Butland becomes a bad goalkeeper overnight, and a fresh start could be just what he needs to get his career back on track. Many will scoff at the deal but it could end up being a stroke of genius from Crystal Palace. It's official, he's here! Welcome aboard, Aden!#swfc It wasn't so long ago that Aden Flint was a regular at the heart of an up and coming Bristol City side. However, two years on - following disastrous moves to Middlesbrough and Cardiff - the giant centre-back finds himself shipped out on loan as he goes in search of first-team football.If Garry Monk can get the best out of Flint then he'll be a brilliant addition to Sheffield Wednesday's squad, and the chance to recapture the form of his Bristol City days could breathe life into his Cardiff career. ??'? ????, ???? ?????! ?✍️ We are delighted to announce the return of Jake Clarke-Salter, who joins on loan for the remainder of the season. Having spent last season on loan with Birmingham, Jake Clarke-Salter should fit seamlessly into the current setup.The Blues were short on centre-backs so the addition of the Chelsea youngster is a shrewd move, and with Aitor Karanka at the helm - a manager renowned for his defensive astuteness having shadowed José Mourinho at Real Madrid - the 23-year-old will no doubt develop immensely under the Spanish tactician. ? A new name between the sticks...? Angus Gunn is a Potter!#SCFC ?⚪️ With Butland heading for Selhurst Park, Stoke were in need of goalkeeping reinforcements.Angus Gunn enjoyed a rapid rise to prominence after making his Premier League debut a little over 18 months ago, however, similarly to the outgoing Butland, his confidence seems to have taken a knock and he now finds himself well down the pecking order at Southampton.A temporary move offers him the chance to play regular football and could rejuvenate the 24-year-old's career. We’ve left it late ?A huge welcome to #afcb, @cameroncv2 ✍️ Cameron Carter-Vickers was unlikely to be afforded a chance in the Tottenham starting XI and so a loan deal seems a smart move for all involved.Bournemouth know exactly what they're getting in the 22-year-old - a youngster full of potential who knows the Championship after spending the last three seasons in the second tier, and Jason Tindall can be pleased to have bolstered his defensive arsenal with a quality operator. ✍️ #Rovers are delighted to announce their second deal of the day with the signing of @TomTrybull from @NorwichCityFC on a season-long loan deal.#WeAreTogether ?⚪️ pic.twitter.com/jf67vT4Zgw The first Blackburn new boy on our list.Tom Trybull arrives on loan from fellow Championship side Norwich City and brings with him a wealth of experience after spells in the Bundesliga, the Eredivisie and the Premier League.Having kept hold of a number of players who looked destined for moves back to the top flight, Norwich are well stocked in central midfield so the move makes sense from the Canaries' point of view, while Rovers are adding a consistent performer who knows what it takes to get out of the Championship.  Delighted to sign for @wba can’t wait to get started let’s go! A post shared by  Karlan Grant (@karlangrant) on Oct 15, 2020 at 1:57pm PDT Don't underestimate Karlan Grant's tally of 19 league goals last season in a Huddersfield side utterly bereft of creativity.West Brom have actually looked threatening in front of goal so far this campaign - notching ten goals in their six games in all competitions - however, if Slaven Bilić is to persist with his expansive style of play, the addition of another goalscorer will be welcomed by Baggies fans. Millwall were one of the surprise packages of last season's Championship, narrowly missing out on a spot in the play-offs by just two points.Ultimately their threat in front of goal cost them a shot at promotion, with bottom side Hull City equalling their tally of 57 goals for the season. The addition of Kenneth Zohore means their attack now contains a focal point, and if he can reproduce the form he showed at Cardiff a few seasons ago then Gary Rowett's side will be in the mix again. Herbie Kane looked odds on to return to Hull City after impressing on loan at the Tigers last season, however, Barnsley swooped in late on and secured a permanent deal for the promising youngster.Only Middlesbrough scored fewer than the Tykes in last season's Championship, and if they're to avoid another relegation battle this campaign then Kane's goals from midfield could prove invaluable.  When one chapter ends another one begins .. Im so excited for this opportunity and can’t wait to get started ??? A post shared by  Barry Douglas (@barrydouglas1) on Oct 16, 2020 at 4:24am PDT If there's one man who knows how to get out of the Championship it's Barry Douglas.The left-back has two promotions in the last three seasons to his name having finishing top of the league with both Wolves and Leeds.Tony Mowbray will have his sights set on promotion this season and Douglas fits his attacking style of play perfectly. A brilliant signing for Rovers. Try as he might it just doesn't seem to be happening for Harry Wilson at Liverpool.With the Reds unable to agree a fee with Burnley for the Welshman prior to the close of the Premier League transfer window, a whole host of Championship clubs saw their opportunity to snap up a player who excelled in the second tier with Derby County as recently as 2018/19.Cardiff eventually secured a deal for the 23-year-old, and in truth it looks a great piece of business for all involved as Wilson continues his development with regular first-team football. #SB9 ???@Benrahma2, Our new No.9️⃣ #WelcomeSaid pic.twitter.com/nWDVOTogms When the final whistle blew in the playoff final it was pretty much nailed on that Saïd Benrahma would never be seen in a Brentford shirt again. However, with just a few hours remaining of the transfer window he somehow still found himself at the club.Failed medicals, rejected bids, re-negotiations - this transfer saga had the lot. But FINALLY, he's a West Ham player.It's not the permanent deal that'd been expected, but it's still a great piece of business from the Hammers. The Algerian is a live wire around the box and will undoubtedly improve their attacking options. When Anthony Knockaert signed for Fulham in the Championship it had all the hallmarks of a fantastic purchase. However, for some reason it just didn't work out.The Frenchman has been allowed to leave Craven Cottage on loan for the season, with newly appointed Nottingham Forest boss Chris Hughton jumping at the opportunity to be reunited with the former Brighton man.If Hughton can help Knockaert rediscover the form he showed at the Seagulls he'll be a huge threat in the Championship. ? What a #DeadlineDay!✍️ #Rovers are delighted to announce the loan signing of Liverpool starlet Harvey Elliott on a season-long loan deal.#WeAreTogether ?⚪️ pic.twitter.com/B5mRRreEwi There's no two ways about it, Blackburn won transfer deadline day.Their acquisition of Harvey Elliott on a season-long loan is a superb addition to an already talented squad. Despite his first-team appearances being few and far between, the 17-year-old has shown flashes of brilliance and is surely destined for a career at the very top.A season in the second tier could prove invaluable to his development and Blackburn know they're getting a quality player who can be a matchwinner on any given day.
