Mikel Arteta outlines Arsenal's January transfer window plans
Dec 14, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/mikel-arteta-confirms-arsenal-january-transfer-window-plans
Mikel Arteta has confirmed that Arsenal will be active in the January transfer window and that he wants to strengthen the team. Arteta's side made an unbelievable start to the season prior to the World Cup break - winning 12 of their 14 Premier League games - and sit five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table. But their uneviable task of holding off Pep Guardiola's side, who slipped to a shock 2-1 defeat to Brentford in their last Premier League outing, has been complicated by a serious injury sustained by Gabriel Jesus at the World Cup - one that could sideline the Brazilian for around three months. The Gunners were already keen on strengthening their squad, with sources confirming to 90min that talks have been held with Shakhtar Donetsk over winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, and Arteta has confirmed that plans are afoot to bring in fresh faces. "We are looking and we are active in the possibilities. If we can find the players that will strengthen the team, we will try," the Spaniard told reporters after Arsenal's clash with AC Milan in the Dubai Super Cup. Harry Symeou hosts Andy Headspeath, Quentin Gesp and Jack Gallagher to look back on the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia - join us! If you can’t see the podcast embed, click here to download or listen to the episode in full! "There are a few, and a few national teams as well," Arteta added, when asked whether players at the World Cup had caught his eye. "A lot of things they are doing are very interesting and it shows where the game is going, where it is evolving, but as for players – I’ll keep that to myself!" 90min understands that one player Arsenal are keen to recruit in January is Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans. The Belgian is out of contract in the summer and will be available to sign as a free agent, but there's hope a deal can be agreed to bring the 25-year-old to the Emirates Stadium in sooner.
