Chelsea increasingly confident of signing Raheem Sterling
Jul 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-increasingly-confident-of-signing-raheem-sterling
Chelsea are growing increasingly confident that they will sign Raheem Sterling from Manchester City, 90min understands. Talks progressed over the weekend between the two clubs and although a deal is not yet finalised, it is understood to be close. 90min understands that Chelsea have been given all the encouragement they need to confidently pursue Sterling - who has now made it clear to City that he will not be signing a new deal at the Etihad Stadium. City made it clear to Sterling that if a new deal was not signed this summer then they would look to sell, rather than allow him to leave for nothing when his contract expires. This same ultimatum was given to Gabriel Jesus, was has since joined Arsenal. The Premier League champions are believed to be looking for around £50m for the England star, which they believe is his true market value after selling Jesus to Arsenal for £45m. 27-year-old Sterling has been considering his options including the possibility of moving on a free transfer next year, which would help allow him to seal his long-held ambition of playing abroad. However, Chelsea have made an impelling case through Thomas Tuchel about their plans for the future and that has persuaded him to move back to London, where grew up after emigrating from Jamaica aged five. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Tuchel sees Sterling as a cornerstone of their plans going forward and Chelsea believe the lucrative contract on offer will help convince him to sign on. Chelesa are eager to push through their move for Sterling after failing to secure the signings of either Raphinha and Ousmane Dembele.
