Football transfer rumours: Tottenham consider Sancho bid; Neymar wanted in Saudi Arabia
Jun 12, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-tottenham-sancho-neymar-saudi-arabia-12-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... New Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou is considering launching a £50m move for Manchester United winger Jadon Sancho, who also has loan interest from former employers Borussia Dortmund. (Daily Star) Man Utd are eyeing a similar spend on Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae but both Chelsea and Newcastle are ready to launch rival bids for his signature. (Foot Mercato) Paris Saint-Germain winger Neymar is the next target of Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal after they failed to sign Lionel Messi, and representatives from the Middle East are in Paris to try and negotiate a transfer. (CBS) Liverpool will move for Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse after accepting defeat in their pursuit of Chelsea's Mason Mount, who is expected to join Man Utd instead. (Daily Mirror) Also on Liverpool's radar is Juventus winger Federico Chiesa, who is set to be the subject of a cut-price €35m bid. (Calciomercatoweb) With Bayern Munich declining to trigger their purchase option for Joao Cancelo, Arsenal have stepped up their interest in the Manchester City full-back. (Football Insider) manual Chelsea are prepared to offer Romelu Lukaku and Kalidou Koulibaly to Inter in a bid to sign goalkeeper Andre Onana. (The Sun) Real Madrid have joined the race for Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani, who is high on the wish list of German champions Bayern Munich as well. (Bild) Talks have been opened between Arsenal and Leicester over a deal for Belgian full-back Timothy Castagne, who could be offered the chance to remain in the Premier League after the Foxes' relegation. (Goal) Manchester City intend to hand backup goalkeeper Stefan Ortega a new contract amid interest from Bayern Munich. (The Sun) Barcelona are pushing to sell winger Ferran Torres and will demand a fee of around €40m to part ways with the former Man City forward. (Mundo Deportivo)
