Football transfer rumours: Liverpool's top midfield target; Man Utd & Man City battle for Bastoni
Apr 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-midfield-man-utd-man-city-bastoni-15-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool have made Brighton's Alexis Mac Allister their top midfield target after admitting defeat in their pursuit of Jude Bellingham this summer. The Reds are also interested in Chelsea duo Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher. (Football Insider) Chelsea will make one last contract offer to Mount, but if terms are not soon agreed, they will sell him this summer. (ESPN) Manchester United may cool their interest in Rasmus Hojlund after being told it could take €70m to sign him from Atalanta. (Corriere della Serra) Another striker of interest to Manchester United is Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic, who is once again wanted by Arsenal. (Calciomercato) Barcelona will try and convince Tottenham to sign Clement Lenglet on a permanent deal for a fee between €10m and €15m, though talks are yet to take place following Antonio Conte's sacking. (Marca) Meanwhile, the agent of Ilkay Gundogan has dismissed talk that he is close to agreeing a contract with any club amid interest from Barcelona - his deal at Manchester City expires in the summer. (AS) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Chelsea's need to raise funds through player sales to domestic clubs has seen Manchester City and Liverpool register their interest in Levi Colwill, who is currently on loan at Brighton. (Evening Standard) Left-sided centre-backs are in demand, with Manchester City and Manchester United keeping a watchful eye over Inter's Alessandro Bastoni. The Italy defender nearly joined Tottenham last summer. (Fichajes) Liverpool are monitoring highly-rated Lyon winger Bradley Barcola, who is enjoying a breakout season  in Ligue 1. (Fabrizio Romano) Chelsea's offer to sign Gavi from Barcelona would make him one of the highest earners in the Premier League. (AS) Bayern Munich left-back Alphonso Davies is emerging as a top target for Real Madrid this summer. (Marca) LISTEN NOW
