PSG monitoring David de Gea's situation at Manchester United
Mar 7, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-david-de-gea-situation-manchester-united-transfer
Paris Saint-Germain are keeping a close eye on goalkeeper David de Gea's situation at Manchester United, with the Spaniard's future no longer as secure as it once was. De Gea has remained United's first-choice goalkeeper this summer, temporarily relinquishing the role to Dean Henderson to be with his wife and newborn child in Spain, but Henderson's emergence has cast doubt over De Gea's future. The 23-year-old, who has already spent this season playing second fiddle, is adamant that he wants to be United's starting goalkeeper next season, and he is expected to push for an exit from the club if he doesn't get his wish. It's put United in a bit of a tricky situation, and as noted by The Sun, PSG are watching over the situation to see whether there will be a chance to sign De Gea this summer. PSG are keen to make a big splash on a new goalkeeper in the near future. Keylor Navas has done well since joining from Real Madrid in 2019, but he is 34 years old and obviously is not the long-term answer between the sticks. Sources have confirmed to 90min that AC Milan's Gianluigi Donnarumma is their top target, but the 22-year-old has always made it clear that he would prefer to stay at San Siro, and therefore the French side are considering other options. PSG are long-time admirers of De Gea but have always been knocked back in their pursuit of the Spaniard, but there is a feeling that the door is not as firmly shut these days as it was in the past. Mauricio Pochettino is blessed with a near-infinite transfer kitty and is therefore one of the few managers who can dream of landing De Gea, whose £375,000-a-week wages are impossible to match for most clubs across Europe. United are yet to make a decision about their goalkeepers. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has always stood by De Gea when others have criticised his slumps in form, but he has regularly insisted that Henderson will be the man to replace De Gea down the line.
