Benfica expecting fresh Chelsea talks over Enzo Fernandez
Jan 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/benfica-expecting-fresh-chelsea-talks-over-enzo-fernandez
Benfica are braced for another bid from Chelsea to try and sign World Cup star Enzo Fernandez, 90min understands. The Blues pushed hard to sign the 22-year-old earlier in the winter but irritated Benfica with their refusal to trigger his £106m release clause, and the Portuguese side even went public to accuse Chelsea of 'disrespect'. Talks between the two clubs have cooled since then but 90min understands that Fernandez's agent, Jorge Mendes, has remained in contact with both Chelsea and Benfica in an attempt to thrash out an agreement. Sources have confirmed that Fernandez remains incredibly keen to join Chelsea. The Argentina midfielder missed Benfica training earlier this month in an attempt to force through a move but has been back with his team for the past few weeks, although his desire to leave remains. Publicly, Benfica have warned Chelsea that they must trigger Fernandez's release clause to get a deal done, although 90min understands that the Portuguese side would be open to receiving the fee in instalments if the initial payment was significant - something Chelsea have so far refused to offer. Chelsea are now expected to renew their efforts to land Fernandez, with sources close to the Portuguese side telling 90min that Benfica are expecting a phone call from the Blues in the coming days. On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss all the big transfer stories. This week's agenda includes Jude Bellingham, Harry Kane, Declan Rice, Hakim Ziyech, Leandro Trossard, Pedro Porro, Mykhailo Mudryk and more! If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Those in charge at Stamford Bridge are well aware of Fernandez's desire to make the move and are equally as keen to reach an agreement, but having already splashed out close to £200m in the winter window on Joao Felix, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Andrey Santos and Benoit Badiashile, Chelsea are looking to save as much money as possible.
