Denis Zakaria & Hakim Ziyech free to leave Chelsea in January
Oct 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/denis-zakaria-hakim-ziyech-free-to-leave-chelsea-in-january
Chelsea are looking to terminate Denis Zakaria's loan move in January, 90min understands, with the Blues also ready to listen to offers for winger Hakim Ziyech as well. Zakaria joined Chelsea on deadline day during the summer but is yet to play a single minute for the club and has not featured in a single Premier League matchday squad thus far. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Zakaria does not feature in the plans of current boss Graham Potter, who even handed a debut to young Carney Chukwuemeka ahead of naming the Swiss international on his bench for the recent 3-0 victory over Wolves. The dilemma for Chelsea is, however, that Zakaria made two appearances for Juventus this season before moving to Stamford Bridge and FIFA rules dictate that a player cannot represent more than two teams across one campaign. Should he play a minute for the Blues, he will be unable to join a third side. Chelsea hope to return Zakaria to parent club Juventus but the Serie A side have no obligation to take him, and so the Blues are hopeful that current Juve boss Massimiliano Allegri is relieved of his duties before the January transfer window and his hypothetical replacement wants Zakaria back. While that matter is largely out of their hands, Chelsea are also understood to be looking to offload Ziyech once the January transfer window opens. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth are joined by Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Erling Haaland's Manchester City release clause, Mason Mount's future at Chelsea and their sporting director plans, and what the future could hold for 700-goal Cristiano Ronaldo at Man Utd. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The Morocco international was on the fringes under former manager Thomas Tuchel and has struggled for minutes under Potter, and sources have confirmed that he is once again free to leave the club in January.
