Ange Postecoglou reveals 'good chat' with Harry Kane over Tottenham future
Jul 17, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ange-postecoglou-reveals-good-chat-harry-kane-tottenham-future
Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou has revealed he has spoken with striker Harry Kane about his situation at the club, insisting the England international remains 'totally committed' to Spurs. Kane has entered the final year of his contract and is of serious interest to Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich, who have already seen two bids rejected for England's all-time top goalscorer. After the second offer was turned down, Bayern board member Uli Hoeness opted to go public with claims that Kane has made it clear he wants to leave Spurs this summer, stressing his confidence that a deal will be done in the near future. Postecoglou, who met Kane for the first time last week, was asked about the talisman's future during a press conference at Spurs' training camp in Perth, and the new boss revealed the details of the talks. "I had a good chat with Harry," Postecoglou began. "It was nothing earth-shattering as people are seeking. Just a good chat, introduced myself, and we spoke mainly about the club, where it's at and where he thinks can improve. feed "It's not a specific vision for one person, it's about the group and we're perfectly aligned on that - we want to see a successful team this year. "There are a lot of people who know Harry better than me, but he's not going to get phased by anything. He's here and while he's here, he's totally committed to what we're doing, and that's the way I've seen things. "The discussion wasn't really about [the future], it was more about the collective and what we're doing. Harry's the same as all the other players, it's not something I ask when they walk through the door, asking have you got a ticket or not. "It's about working hard as a group as we go along, some will be on for the whole journey, others won't, but a lot of that gets decided along the way. It's not something I'm demanding from people right at the outset. "We've got nearly a month until the season starts, the transfer window's still open, so we'll see what transpires."
