Leeds United Complete Signing of Rodrigo Moreno From Valencia for Club Record Fee
Aug 29, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-united-complete-signing-rodrigo-moreno-valencia-club-record-fee
Leeds United have officially confirmed the signing of Rodrigo Moreno from Valencia for a club record fee, with the forward signing a four-year deal.  Due to Valencia's current financial struggles, a number of first team stars have been linked with moves away. Rodrigo - who had been with Los Ches for six years - managed four goals and nine assists in La Liga last season, and now becomes the latest player to leave the club. ✍️ #LUFC are delighted to announce the signing of Rodrigo from Valencia for a club record transfer fee Leeds have now confirmed the arrival of the 29-year-old on their official website. The newly-promoted Premier League outfit are said to have paid an initial €30m, potentially rising to €40m with add-ons. Rodrigo has signed a deal until 2024. A brief statement read: "Leeds United are delighted to announce the signing of Rodrigo Moreno Machado from Valencia CF for a club record transfer fee. The 29-year-old who can operate as a winger or striker, has completed a medical and signed a four-year deal with the Whites, running until the summer of 2024." Rodrigo - who has 22 caps and eight goals to his name for Spain - has shared his delight having now officially completed his switch, explaining that he knew he wanted to join after just one phone call. He told the club's website: “For me I’m really happy and very excited to join the club, this is an important season for all of us, coming back to the Premier League. ? #WelcomeRodrigo pic.twitter.com/aEu0xPOPJm "For me this is a new step in my career and I want to help the team achieve the goals of the season. Leeds have been working for almost two weeks on this deal with Valencia and from the first time Victor talked to me, I knew I wanted this new challenge with Leeds, a historic club." The striker was also keen to highlight the role of Marcelo Bielsa in helping make his decision, describing the Argentine as one of the best in the business. “Of course Marcelo Bielsa is one of the best coaches in football at this moment, he has done important things at different clubs and I’m excited to learn from him, improve my football with hard work and teamwork and I hope we can do important things this season."  Very happy to join @leedsunited Thank you to all the fans for the warm welcome. A new big club in my career, an exciting new challenge in Premier League!!! I will give my best for LUFC! Let’s go Leeds, marching on together!??⚪️ #LUFC #OnOnOn A post shared by  Rodrigo Moreno (@rodrigom_91) on Aug 29, 2020 at 1:30am PDT
