West Ham enquire about Borussia Monchengladbach forward Breel Embolo
Jul 14, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/exclusive-west-ham-transfer-news-enquire-borussia-monchengladbach-breel-embolo
Exclusive - West Ham have enquired about the availability of Borussia Monchengladbach forward Breel Embolo. The Hammers are in desperate need of additional firepower up front, with Michail Antonio currently the club's only recognised centre-forward following the departure of Sebastien Haller to Ajax in January. Manager David Moyes has money to spend on a new forward, which 90min understands to be around the £30m mark, although there's scope for the money to be invested elsewhere if West Ham are able to agree a loan deal with Monchengladbach. 24-year-old Embolo was relatively goal shy in the Bundesliga last season, netting just five times for Monchengladbach, and that's opened up the possibility of a temporary move away. Embolo did put in an impressive showing for Switzerland at Euro 2020, scoring his country's opening goal of the tournament during the 1-1 group stage draw with Wales, before continuing to impress as they qualified for the round of 16.  Switzerland surprisingly eliminated France on penalties in that game, before Embolo's participation in the tournament was curtailed by a hamstring injury in the quarter-final defeat to Spain. Antonio is almost certain to start the season as West Ham's first choice, but Embolo is now on an extensive list of players that have been identified as potential targets. One player the Hammers held lengthy talks over was teenage Czech sensation Adam Hlozek, who was another to showcase his talents at Euro 2020. But interest in him has intensified and it now looks doubtful that West Ham will wrap up a deal to bring him to the London Stadium ahead of more appealing options. Another player that Moyes likes is Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham, who is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs. But, again, a move is unlikely to happen because West Ham, like Southampton and Crystal Palace, have been put off by the hefty finances that would be involved. Brighton, Aston Villa and Everton remain interested.
