Transfer rumours: Joao Felix on Man Utd interest; Barcelona still keen to sell De Jong
Sep 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumour-joao-felix-on-man-utd-interest-barcelona-still-keen-to-sell-de-jong
Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix has insisted that he was not aware of Manchester United's summer transfer interest: "I didn’t hear anything…so that was something for the president to deal with.” New Wolfsburg forward Jonas Wind has left the door ajar for a future move to Arsenal, admitting that a transfer to the Emirates Stadium would be a 'dream'. "If we look into the future, Arsenal would be a dream destination for me, as it has always been my favourite club," he told Bulinews.com. "In general, I think the Premier League is the best league in the world, and it would be exciting to play there.  Everton has 'set their sights' on Ferencvaros' Adama Traore (no, not that one). The wide player has caught the eye by scoring 12 goals in 12 games so far this season - including four in UEFA Champions League qualifying games.  Bernardo Silva's father confirmed that there were talks between the player and Barcelona during the summer transfer window.  West Ham United are planning a £12m bid for Sheffield United and Republic of Ireland defender John Egan after failing to sign the player in the summer.  Brighton are prepared to offer Moises Caicedo a new contract in order to fend off interest from Manchester United and Arsenal.  Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss the fallout from the summer transfer window, Gavi's contract situation at Barcelona, Chelsea's midfield issues, Antony's suitability at Man Utd and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! AS Roma are not willing to give Nicolo Zaniolo the huge pay rise he desires. The midfielder was heavily linked with a move to both Tottenham Hotspur and Juventus during the transfer window.  Newcastle United are preparing a £2.5m offer for 15-year-old Chris Rigg in order to prise him away from arch rivals Sunderland.  Arsenal fended off interest from Wolves in order to sign 19-year-old Marquinhos for €3.5m, with Edu's relationship with Sao Paulo proving key to the deal. 
