Transfer rumours: Chelsea turn to Aubameyang; Liverpool enter Sesko race
Aug 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-chelsea-turn-to-aubameyang-liverpool-enter-sesko-race
Chelsea are continuing to scour the market in search of a new striker, and they are considering a bid for Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Blues remain in discussions with Barça over Frenkie de Jong as they look to pip Manchester United to his signing. Chelsea are expected to wrap up a deal for Marc Cucurella in the coming days, though Brighton released a furious statement on Wednesday evening claiming they have not reached an agreement to sell him. Levi Colwill in turn will head to the Amex Stadium in a separate deal. Meanwhile, Liverpool have joined Manchester United and Chelsea in the race to sign Red Bull Salzburg's teenage striker Benjamin Sesko, though the Austrian champions are adamant he won't be sold this summer. Across Merseyside, Everton are looking to pip West Ham to the signing of Amadou Onana from Lille after he failed to agree personal terms with the Hammers. The Toffees have also approached Wolves over a potential deal for Conor Coady. Tottenham have opened talks with Udinese regarding wing-back Destiny Udogie, who could rejoin the Serie A side on loan if a €25m deal is concluded this month. Spurs also remain in negotiations with Roma regarding Nicolo Zaniolo and retain an interest in Wolves winger Adama Traore. Meanwhile, Wolves are in advanced talks with Chelsea over a loan deal for striker Michy Batshuayi. West Ham have agreed a deal with Burnley for Ivory Coast international Maxwel Cornet. Brentford are closing in on the signing of Mikkel Damsgaard after agreeing a fee of around €20m with Sampdoria. The Dane is expected to become the Bees' fifth signing of the summer. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Nottingham Forest are interested in signing Willem II striker Jizz Hornkamp as Steve Cooper looks to add more goals to his squad. Juventus are looking to shift two central midfielders this month to free up room to sign Jorginho. Arthur Melo is closing in on a move to Valencia, while Adrien Rabiot will join Monaco if they reach the group stages of the Champions League.
