Kai Havertz Leaves Germany Training Camp to Complete Chelsea Move
Sep 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/kai-havertz-leaves-germany-training-camp-to-complete-chelsea-move
Bayer Leverkusen have confirmed that Kai Havertz has left Germany's Nations League training camp to fly to London and complete his transfer to Chelsea - in what will be a club-record move.  The Blues are on course to spend a Premier League record summer total this window, as the forward nears his move from Leverkusen in a deal that could amount to £90m. Chelsea have already brought in Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Ben Chilwell, Thiago Silva and Malang Sarr this summer for a total outlay of near £130m. Mateo Kovacic's loan move from Real Madrid being made permanent was the only piece of transfer business the club concluded in the previous two windows. ℹ️ Kai Havertz has left the Stuttgart headquarters of the German national team to clarify matters surrounding a potential move to Chelsea. This took place after a discussion with Bayer 04 and DFB leadership. pic.twitter.com/pjeAX7Aoe8 A saga that has rumbled on throughout the summer has taken another big step towards completion, as the club confirmed on their official website that Havertz has left his international teammates in Stuttgart to fly over to west London and finalise his move. Sporting director Rudi Völler expressed his gratitude to the national team for granting permission for him to leave the camp. "We are grateful to the national coach that Kai can now sort things out with our support on site in London," he said. Havertz had been with two of his future teammates over the last few days in Antonio Rüdiger and Werner, the pair both starting in Die Mannschaft's 1-1 draw with Spain on Thursday evening. An initial offer of €80m (£72m) to be paid up front was accepted by the Bundesliga side, with Leverkusen's €100m valuation to be met with a further €20m in add-ons that will bring the overall total to €100m (£90m). This fee will surpass the club's current record deal, the £72m paid to sign goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga two summers ago.  Excited for the national team! ?? A post shared by  Kai Havertz ?⚽️✌? (@kaihavertz29) on Aug 25, 2020 at 11:41am PDT Havertz is expected to sign a five-year contract worth £18m-per-season, roughly equating to a staggering £346k-per-week. The 21-year-old has been one of Germany and Europe's standout talents over the past two seasons, scoring 38 goals and registering 16 assists during that time. Despite his contribution, Leverkusen missed out on a Champions League berth for the upcoming season, finishing two points shy of Borussia Mönchengladbach in fifth.
