Barcelona in 'advanced' talks for Eric Garcia January deal
Dec 27, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-in-advanced-talks-for-eric-garcia-january-deal-01etjb2wf91h
Manchester City centre-back Eric Garcia is one of Barcelona's primary targets for the upcoming January transfer window, with the Catalans pushing to complete a deal before the summer. Garcia moved from Barcelona's youth team to Manchester City in the summer of 2017. The 19-year-old made his senior debut in English football at the start of the 2019/20 campaign before earning a sustained run in the side during the Premier League's 'Project Restart'. Yet, before the season had even concluded, Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola revealed that Garcia would not be extending his contract at the club - which expires in June 2021. Garcia later confirmed these suggestions and a move back to Barcelona was heavily touted during the summer, with the Catalan giants said to have agreed an €18m transfer fee. However, a deal never materialised and Barcelona have once again made Garcia a priority in January according to the Spanish publication Sport. Negotiations between the club and player are thought to be advanced, with Garcia able to sign a pre-contract agreement from New Year's Day given his contractual status at City. If and when Garcia signs the agreement, talks between the clubs can be rekindled as Barcelona are keen on bringing the teenager back to Catalonia this winter, rather than waiting until the summer when he would be available on a free transfer. Buen test el de hoy contra Portugal para prepáranos para el partido contra Suiza de Nations League!???? pic.twitter.com/VUil5L4K0v As recently as late November, it was reported that Barcelona would miss out on Garcia in January because City refused to lower their asking price and were unwilling to consider the £7m offered by Ronald Koeman's side. Given Barcelona's eye-watering wage bill, the behemoths of Spanish football are in a precarious financial position to say the least and are tipped to get creative with the payment.
