Football transfer rumours: Liverpool prepare monster Mbappe bid; Kane's Bayern desire
Jun 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-mbappe-kane-bayern-28-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid are under threat from Liverpool in the race to sign Kylian Mbappe, with the Reds ready to make offer a package totalling €300m for the PSG star. (MARCA) Another forward linked with Real Madrid is Harry Kane, who is open to a move to Bayern Munich after they made a £60m bid on Tuesday. Tottenham will not sell the England captain for less than £100m. (Guardian) Arsenal have made a British-record £105m offer to West Ham for Declan Rice, but it could be rejected due to an unfavourable payment structure on the Hammers' end. Manchester City recently had a bid knocked back by West Ham as well. (Guardian) Manchester United recently withdrew a contract offer to David de Gea even after the Spaniard had signed it in hope of convincing him to agree to a more significant wage cut. His current deal expires this week. (The Athletic) Liverpool and Newcastle remain interested in Juventus forward Federico Chiesa, who could be allowed to leave for €60m. (Corriere dello Sport) manual Chelsea are considering making a fresh approach to sign Milan goalkeeper Mike Maignan, though Mauricio Pochettino is content with starting Kepa Arrizabalaga heading into the new season. (Daily Telegraph) Barcelona are ready to accept offers of €30m for Franck Kessie, while they are disappointed that Ansu Fati and Ferran Torres are refusing to consider moves away this window. (SPORT) Ajax are demanding £40m for Ghana international Mohammed Kudus, who has been linked with Brighton and Manchester United. (Daily Mail) James Maddison will undergo a medical at Tottenham today before completing his £40m move from Leicester. (Sky Sports) Chelsea have rejected Galatasaray's offer to take Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on a free transfer as they want to receive a fee for the 34-year-old. (Telegraph)
