Transfer rumours: Man Utd keen on Haller; Bayern's De Jong enquiry
Apr 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-haller-bayern-de-jong
Manchester United and Borussia Dortmund could compete for the signature of Ajax striker Sebastien Haller, who has impressed under Old Trafford-bound Erik ten Hag in Amsterdam. Dortmund, meanwhile, will be seeking a replacement for Erling Haaland. Bayern Munich could join the race for Haller, but only if Robert Lewandowski leaves. The Pole remains a target for Barcelona but no official bid has yet been made. Bayern have additionally asked Barcelona to be kept informed of the situation regarding Frenkie de Jong. The Catalans could be willing to sell for €75m if an offer of that size comes in. Manchester United have also been linked with the Dutchman. As part of their plan to strengthen in midfield Manchester United are considering a £50m bid for Leeds and England star Kalvin Phillips. But the Old Trafford club’s priority remains West Ham enforcer Declan Rice. Tottenham are in the hunt for RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer, who could be available for as little as £13m as a result of his contract expiring next year. Borussia Dortmund are looking to hand Jude Bellingham a greater role and more responsibility next season they hope will ward off interest from Liverpool and Real Madrid. Having previously looked a certainty to leave Camp Nou, Ousmane Dembele could yet sign a new contract and would be willing to accept a salary reduction after resurrecting his Barcelona career. Barcelona are also among the clubs now linked with Manchester City winger Riyad Mahrez, who was already linked with AC Milan, Real Madrid and Chelsea earlier this week. Chelsea could trigger a €60m buyout clause to sign Pau Torres from Villarreal as a replacement for Antonio Rudiger. Torres has re-emerged as a potential target for Manchester United this summer. The Blues also retain an interest in Jules Kounde. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders & Graeme Bailey. Toby Cudworth joins the show to discuss how Erik ten Hag's appointment may affect Man Utd's pursuit of Paul Mitchell. There is also chat on the futures of Jesse Lingard & David de Gea and a look at what Newcastle are planning this summer. Arsenal hold an advantage over Newcastle in the pursuit of Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin, who would prefer a summer switch to the Gunners over the Magpies. Arsenal target Tammy Abraham has refused to rule out leaving Roma this summer but insists he is happy at the Serie A club. Roma are showing interest in Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, who continues to divide opinion among the fanbase. The Gunners are also expected to hold talks with flop record signing Nicolas Pepe at the end of the season about his future at the club.
