Sofyan Amrabat's agent opens up on offer from Man Utd
Apr 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/sofyan-amrabat-agent-offer-man-utd
Manchester United made an offer to sign Sofyan Amrabat during the January transfer window, according to the player's agent. Amrabat's impressive start to the season with Fiorentina saw him linked to various sides across Europe, while he has long been a target of Tottenham's. But the combative midfielder became a global star after helping Morocco to the semi-finals of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, becoming the first African side to ever reach the last four. Spurs were tipped to firm up their interest in January, while Liverpool and Barcelona were also heavily linked with Amrabat. And agent Mohamed Sinouh has revealed that while there aren't yet any offers on the table for the summer, Amrabat was the subject of a bid from United in the winter. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed "For now we don't have any offer for the summer, but now at least Fiorentina is willing to listen. It's a promise they made when the president rejected all the offers in winter," Sinouh said to Kora Plus. "We received many offers during the January transfer window, including one from Manchester United, but an agreement cannot be reached. "The president of Fiorentina refused to let him out [in January] because he represented a safe value after the role he had played in the World Cup." Amrabat has been a near-ever present for Fiorentina after returning from Qatar, and though they endured a poor run through the winter, they have won their last five Serie A games on the spin - the midfielder will miss the next game through a yellow card suspension. La Viola are also through to the quarter-finals of the UEFA Europa Conference League where they will meet Polish side Lech Poznan. The winners of that tie will face either Nice or Basel. At international level, Amrabat featured in Morocco's 2-1 win against Brazil in March, duelling with would-be teammate Casemiro. LISTEN NOW
