Erling Haaland explains decision to join Man City
Jun 13, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/erling-haaland-explains-decision-to-join-man-city
Erling Haaland has credited his father Alf-Inge for helping him fall in love with Manchester City. Alf-Inge moved to England in 1993 and eventually joined City in 2000, playing 45 times for the club before a nasty knee injury, which was aggravated by an infamous challenge from Roy Keane in a Manchester derby, forced him into an early retirement in 2003. The younger Haaland, who was born in Leeds in 2000 just a month after his father left the Whites in favour of a move to City, has now admitted that the chance to follow in Alf-Inge's footsteps was behind his decision to join the club 22 years and one day after this father. “First of all, my father, a little bit,” he told the club of his reasons for signing. “I was born in England. I have been a City fan my whole life. I know a lot about the club. “In the end, [deciding to sign was down to] two things. I feel at home here and I feel I can develop and get the best out of my game at City. “I like the style [of play]. I like the attacking football. I like the positive vibe we have when City play football. This is what I like a lot, so I think it’s a good fit.” Haaland also admitted that the chance to work with Pep Guardiola was too intriguing to turn down. “I think I can develop a lot under Pep and in this club,” he continued. “I think I can get better on a lot of things and hopefully I can score a lot." Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Finally, new team-mates Phil Foden and Riyad Mahrez were given shout-outs. Haaland admitted the latter urged him to move to City when they met up on holiday back in the summer of 2021.
