Inter VP Javier Zanetti Insists There Are No Talks With Barcelona Over Lautaro Martinez
Sep 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-javier-zanetti-insists-no-talks-with-barcelona-lautaro-martinez
Inter vice-president Javier Zanetti has insisted that Barcelona are not in talks with the Italian side over a transfer for striker Lautaro Martinez. The Argentine forward has been heavily linked with a move to Barcelona for over a year, but financial issues and off-field instability at Camp Nou have halted a summer approach. Newly instated manager Ronald Koeman is looking to put his own stamp on the Barça squad, with several big-name stars expected to leave in the coming weeks, as part of a summer of transition. Recent reports say that amid the squad overhaul, prompted by Barcelona's humiliating end to the 2019/20 season, the club are still preparing one last bid for key target Martinez. However, Zanetti has attempted to shut down speculation in an interview with Argentine TV show Libero, saying: "At the moment, there are no negotiations between Inter and Barcelona. We're happy with him and I know he's happy here too. "He knows that he's at a great club and that he's improving a lot thanks to the coach [Antonio Conte]." Lautaro Martinez agents are coming to Italy. Barcelona contacted again Inter to re-start official talks for Lautaro, but he's now considered "out of the market" as Inter director Ausilio said. No chance at the moment. Barça are now in contact with Depay agents. ?? @SkySport #FCB Meanwhile, according to transfer reported Fabrizio Romano, Barcelona are now resigned to missing out on the Inter striker this window and have accepted their fate, who states that there is 'no chance' for a deal to be done in 2020. Instead, it is said that the club will focus their efforts on Lyon forward Memphis Depay - a player Koeman knows well from the Dutch national team. Finding a new striker of some description appears to be an area of priority for Barcelona, before the window closes in October.
