Man Utd Considering Late Swoop for Benoit Badiashile Before Transfer Deadline
Sep 23, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-considering-late-swoop-for-benoit-badiashile-before-transfer-deadline
Manchester United are considering a move for Monaco's Benoit Badiashile before the transfer window closes, according to reports. The £85m signing of Harry Maguire last summer proved effective in improving United's defence, but there are still question marks over their consistency at the back - namely with Victor Lindelof. The Sweden international has struggled for consistency since moving to Old Trafford and looked poor once again last season alongside Maguire, which has left the Red Devils considering a new partner for their captain. Monaco centre back Badiashile has been identified as an option for United, who are considering a late bid for the 19-year-old before the 5th October deadline, according to L'Equipe, via the Metro. RMC Sport's Mohamed Boufasi reported earlier in the window that Monaco already had turned down a €25m (roughly £22.9m) bid from United for Badiashile, but the French side are 'bracing themselves' for another offer. The report states that United aren't alone in their interest in Badiashile, however, and would face difficulties in bringing him to Old Trafford. Bayer Leverkusen are also said to be interested in the defender, and he would need convincing to leave Monaco should an offer be accepted. Monaco head coach Niko Kovac has expressed his delight with the teenage defender and recently rebuffed any chances of him leaving, when speaking to Téléfoot Chaine. He said: "We do not want to sell him, that is very clear, he will stay here this season. I think that this is the best solution for him. He has his club here, his family. He knows the environment". French outlets - predominantly L'Equipe - have linked Badiashile with United for a while now, and while initially the interest may have been little more than speculation, it's no secret that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side need defensive reinforcements.
