Transfer rumours: Man Utd's shock Mount interest; Barcelona talk to Neves
Jun 1, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-shock-mount-interest-barcelona-talk-to-neves
Manchester United may launch a surprise bid for Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, although the Blues intend on holding talks over a new contract. Manchester City and Liverpool are also interested in signing 23-year-old Mount should Chelsea be willing to consider a sale. Real Madrid are closing in on the signing of Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. The 22-year-old agreed terms weeks ago, alongside Liverpool and Chelsea, but his intention has always been to head to the Santiago Bernabeu. Barcelona manager Xavi has spoken with Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves over a potential summer transfer. Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma has spoken of Liverpool's previous interest in signing him and says he would always consider moving to a higher level. He has a £45m release clause in his Yellow Submarines contract. Manchester City utility star Oleksandr Zinchenko is on the radar of both Everton and Newcastle. The Ukrainian is capable of playing at both left-back and in central midfield. Raheem Sterling is another Manchester City player who could be leaving the Etihad Stadium. Chelsea, Barcelona, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are all eyeing the 27-year-old who has just one-year left on his contract. Paris Saint-Germain full-back Achraf Hakimi is a target for Chelsea, who are able to buy players again after Todd Boehly's takeover ended the sanctions against the club. Frenkie de Jong says he's aware of Manchester United's interest in him, but would prefer to stay at Barcelona this summer if given the choice. Chelsea have revived their interest in Barcelona's American full-back Sergino Dest, who is only two years into the five-year contract he signed at Camp Nou in 2020. Newcastle are ready to launch a bid for Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin, with the Toffees under pressure to balance their books to comply with Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. Richarlison is another player strongly linked with a move away from Everton, and the Brazilian is being considered by Arsenal, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain. Benfica hitman Darwin Nunez, who has been linked Liverpool, is said to favour a move to Manchester United this summer. Juventus are ready to move for Manchester City centre-back Aymeric Laporte as they bid to strengthen their squad ahead of a Serie A title push. Inter are prepared to offer Chelsea Dutch centre-back Stefan de Vrij as part of a deal to take Romelu Lukaku back to San Siro. Corentin Tolisso, recently released by Bayern Munich after five years at the club, is being tracked by Manchester United and Arsenal. Brentford are confident of landing Danish full-back Rasmus Kristensen from RB Salzburg in a deal worth around £10m, although Leeds, managed by former Salzburg boss Jesse Marsch, are also keen.
