Manchester United progressing with Jurrien Timber talks
May 31, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-united-progressing-with-jurrien-timber-talks
Manchester United are making progress on a deal for Ajax defender Jurrien Timber, 90min understands. The 20-year-old has come through the famed Ajax academy and became an important part of the first team under Erik ten Hag, who has of course taken the reins at Old Trafford. 90min revealed last year that a number of Premier League clubs were on his tail, and United have since moved to the head of the queue. Ten Hag has wasted little time in making it known who his top targets are to the club's hierarchy, and 90min understands four names have emerged as the most pressing. United have now set about working on a number of deals, including for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Pau Torres of Villarreal, Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong and Timber, for whom they have entered talks. Ten Hag sees Timber as an important cog in his squad, and although he predominantly operates as a central defender for Ajax, he can also play at full-back or in defensive midfield - depending on the system requirements. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. However, Ajax are keen to keep hold of the youngster and 90min understands the Amsterdam giants have made him a 'substantial' offer to stay at the club, not far short of what he would earn at Man Utd. Sources believe the deal rests with Timber, who is considering his options and whether to make the big move to England and Old Trafford. When asked about United's interest by Dutch publication De Telegraaf on Tuesday, Timber said: "Of course I can develop further there [Ajax]. I am 100 percent sure of that. I don't feel like I'm done at the club. But I can also develop at other clubs.
