Pau Torres admits pride over links to Manchester United
Apr 25, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/pau-torres-admits-pride-over-links-to-manchester-united
Villarreal defender Pau Torres has revealed his delight at seeing himself linked with a high-profile move to Manchester United this summer. The 24-year-old has attracted interest from a number of top sides, with Manchester City, Real Madrid and Chelsea all rumoured to be pursuing Torres this summer, but it's United's interest which has dominated the headlines. 90min understands that Torres sits alongside Sevilla's Jules Kounde among those at the top of United's wish list, and United have already explored the idea of sending Eric Bailly in the opposite direction as part of a deal. It's safe to say that Torres may have an important decision to make this summer, but he confessed to Sport that he is not letting the speculation get the better of him. "It's a proud moment to see your work is reflected with these kinds of stories," he said of links to United. "But I face the rumours with tranquillity.  Chukwueze rounds ter Stegen to give Villarreal the lead against Barca! ?An outstanding, defence splitting assist from Pau Torres ? pic.twitter.com/7xnKZ2Q1hb "I'm at a great club in Villarreal, and because I'm so calm about my future, I will continue to work hard every day." Villarreal currently find themselves seventh in La Liga, with Champions League qualification a long way away, but when asked if the time had come for him to take a step forward in his career, Torres was quick to reaffirm his focus. "I'm not thinking about taking a step forward either," he continued. "There is still a lot ahead of me this season and my short-term goals are the European semi-final and then to be available for the national team this summer. "Right now, I have a contract until 2024 and I know that I still have room for improvement. I know that I am in a club where they will treat me well, I will not lack anything and that is very important to me."
