Jesse Marsch issues update on Raphinha future
Jul 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/jesse-marsch-issues-update-raphinha-future-leeds-barcelona-arsenal-chelsea
Leeds manager Jesse Marsch has issued an update on Raphinha's future, amid strong interest from Chelsea, Arsenal and Barcelona.  The forward has been Leeds' offensive talisman for the past two seasons but he is widely expected to depart Elland Road this summer.  90min understands that Raphinha is holding out on Barca agreeing a deal and currently has little interest in joining another Premier League club.  Leeds are scheduled to jet off to Australia on a pre-season tour imminently, but speaking after his side defeated Blackpool 4-0 on Thursday night, Marsch revealed that he did not know whether the Brazilian would be joining his teammates.  “My guess is, I don't know,” responded Marsch over whether or not Raphinha would travel to Australia for pre-season. “We just have to wait and see what happens in the next couple of days. “There's urgency from his end, I think, to come up with a solution. We have to in the next couple of days see how things stand and see how we go. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! “It hasn't been an easy time for him this summer. Things have come and gone and there have been a lot of little discussions. Right now he's our player. “He showed up today and trained with everybody, he had such a good attitude. "We had a very open and honest conversation about while he's here he's part of us, and then we'll see what happens. It's still a long way to go in the transfer window.
