Chelsea, Liverpool, Man City & Newcastle hold talks over Gabri Veiga
Jun 30, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-liverpool-man-city-newcastle-talks-gabri-veiga
Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Newcastle United have all held talks with super agent Pini Zahavi over Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga, 90min understands. Veiga, who turned 21 at the end of May, announced himself as one of Europe's top up-and-coming talents during the 2022/23 season, scoring 11 goals and adding four assists to help lead Celta to a mid-table La Liga finish. That form has attracted the attention of some of Europe's top clubs. 90min has long reported he is of interest to Barcelona and Real Madrid, while representatives of Premier League teams have watched him extensively in recent months. Veiga's contract contains a €40m release clause and Celta Vigo have been adamant that this needs to be triggered if the midfielder is to leave Balaidos this summer. 90min understands that Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Newcastle United have all indicated that they would be willing to meet this sum up front or pay a little extra if paid in instalments. The quartet have recently held talks with agent Zahavi regarding Veiga's future, while Marseille and Serie A holders Napoli have also registered an interest. feed Chelsea are on the lookout for a Mason Mount replacement having agreed to sell their academy graduate to Manchester United for an initial £55m. Liverpool have placed an emphasis on strengthening their midfield this summer, already recruiting Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton & Hove Albion, while Manchester City have brought in Mateo Kovacic but lost Ilkay Gundogan to Barcelona. After James Maddison prioritised a move to Tottenham, Newcastle are also in the transfer market for an attacking midfielder. The Magpies will soon wrap up the record signing of Sandro Tonali from Milan. Veiga is currently at the European Under-21 Championships with Spain. They will face Switzerland in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
