Transfer rumours: Liverpool lead Bellingham race; Ten Hag's January budget set
Sep 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-liverpool-lead-bellingham-race-ten-hag-january-budget-set
Liverpool are currently ahead of Manchester United in the chase for Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham. Wolves' summer arrival Matheus Nunes is being eyed as an alternative. While United are not expected to sign Bellingham ahead of their rivals, Erik ten Hag has been handed a £70m budget for the January transfer window. If Cristiano Ronaldo is sold, then that amount would increase. Kepa Arrizabalaga has revealed he turned down the chance to leave Chelsea in the summer, but he was happy to stay and fight for his place. Napoli had been reported with an interest. Hakim Ziyech is another player who came close to departing Chelsea, and he is frustrated that moves to Ajax and Milan broke down. Arsenal and Brentford have been joined by Newcastle United in the race to sign Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, who has been turning heads in the Champions League this season. PSG are expected to make another approach for Inter defender Milan Skriniar in January after they were unable to conclude a deal in the summer transfer window. Moises Caicedo has admitted that it would be hard to reject a 'dream' move to Chelsea if the Blues came calling. Liverpool and Manchester United have also been eyeing the Ecuadorian. Juventus are considering an approach for out-of-favour Real Madrid right-back Alvaro Odriozola, who has yet to feature for Los Blancos this season. Donny van de Beek remains on the fringes of the Manchester United first team, and Inter are weighing up a January swoop for the Dutch midfielder. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss the fallout from the summer transfer window, Chelsea's midfield issues, Antony's suitability at Man Utd and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Barcelona midfielder Gavi has insisted he only wanted to succeed with his boyhood club after signing a new contract and rejecting the advances of several teams across Europe. After receiving a call-up to the Germany national team, Armel Bella-Kotchap has been linked with Real Madrid and Liverpool, just months after joining Southampton from Bochum. Arsenal, Milan and Barcelona have all been keeping a watchful eye over Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder Jesper Lindstrom, who scored his first Champions League goal on Tuesday.
