N'Golo Kante receives Saudi Arabia approach
Jun 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ngolo-kante-receives-saudi-arabia-approach-chelsea
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has received an approach from Saudi Arabia over a possible free transfer, 90min understands. Kante's contract expires at the end of this month and he had been expected to put pen to paper on an extension after Chelsea reached an agreement over fresh terms earlier this year, but progress on that deal has since stalled. Clubs from across Europe have continued talks with Kante's entourage, with Paris Saint-Germain known admirers alongside a handful of Serie A sides, but sources have confirmed to 90min that Kante has also been identified as another potential big-name signing in Saudi Arabia. The 32-year-old has been approached over a blockbuster move to the Middle East and is understood to be considering all his options, with an extension at Chelsea not yet off the table either. Chelsea have scheduled a fresh round of talks with Kante, who is also due to speak with new manager Mauricio Pochettino before making a final decision on his future. feed Chelsea are preparing a significant midfield rebuild this summer, with Sporting CP's Manuel Ugarte a target alongside Brighton's Moises Caicedo and West Ham United's Declan Rice. To help fund their business, which could also include a new striker and goalkeeper, Chelsea are prepared to cash in on Mateo Kovacic and have set a price tag of around £35m for the Croatia international, who is of interest to Manchester City. AC Milan are progressing with talks over the permanent signing of Ruben Loftus-Cheek, while the likes of Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher are attracting plenty of interest as well. Midfield is by no means the only area in which Chelsea are looking to remodel, with talks ongoing over the futures of goalkeeper Edouard Mendy as well as a handful of forwards. Kai Havertz, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech are all facing uncertain futures, while Pochettino has already declined the chance to pursue a permanent deal for Atletico Madrid loanee Joao Felix.
