Football transfer rumours: Barcelona make Mbappe offer; Liverpool close on Lavia
Aug 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-barcelona-mbappe-offer-liverpool-lavia-1-8-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona attempted to offer Raphinha, Gavi and Ousmane Dembele to PSG in exchange for Kylian Mbappe, who rejected the chance to move to Camp Nou. After that deal fell through, PSG reached out to Dembele to inform the winger of the situation, prompting him to seek a transfer. (Le Parisien) If Barcelona do lose Dembele, they could look to replace him with Atletico Madrid's Joao Felix. (SPORT) Mbappe himself wants to join Real Madrid immediately in a move which is expected to cost between €230m and €250m. (Marca) As for PSG, they have reignited their interest in Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani. (L'Equipe) Chelsea are drawing together a list of midfield alternatives to Brighton's Moises Caicedo, with Southampton's Romeo Lavia, Leeds' Tyler Adams, Ajax's Edson Alvarez and Celta Vigo's Gabri Veiga all on the radar. (Times) Manchester United have expressed an interest in Everton centre-back Jarrad Branthwaite, who spent last season on loan with PSV Eindhoven. (Mail) Liverpool are close to finalising the signing of Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia, with a €50m agreement expected to be sealed imminently. (Foot Mercato) manual Dinamo Zagreb centre-back Josip Sutalo is a target for Arsenal. An asking price of €25m has been set. (Corriere dello Sport) After their latest meeting in London, Tottenham and Bayern Munich remain £25m apart in their valuations of striker Harry Kane. (The Athletic) Tottenham could use the money raised by Kane's sale to strike a double deal for Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie and centre-back Clement Lenglet. (Mundo Deportivo) A move for Nottingham Forest forward Brennan Johnson, who is valued at £50m, is also on Spurs' agenda if they sell Kane. (Mail) Bernardo Silva is 'desperate' to join Barcelona from Manchester City this summer but the La Liga champions believe a deal is financially impossible. (SPORT)
