Amad Diallo to Undergo Medical Ahead of Manchester United Transfer
Oct 9, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/amad-diallo-medical-manchester-united-transfer
Teenage winger Amad Diallo Traore may have already undergone his Manchester United medical, ahead of officially completing his transfer from Atalanta. On deadline day, United agreed a fee for the 18-year-old winger which could rise north of £30m depending on add-ons. The highly rated starlet has made just three senior appearances for Atalanta, while last year he became the first player born in 2002 to score in Serie A.  one must never stop dreaming, because sometimes when you think that everything is impossible, the possible happens to you????? sorry for my not perfect english? A post shared by  AMAD    ?? (@amaddiallo79) on Oct 7, 2020 at 8:22am PDT While Diallo cannot officially join up with his new side until at least 1 January, when the player registration window re-opens, it seems United are keen to make the deal official as soon as possible. TuttoMercatoWeb claimed that Diallo would undergo a medical in Italy on Thursday, before signing on officially to become a Manchester United player. There has yet to be any official confirmation from either club that this has been the case, however. Beyond the medical there is little left to organise for the transfer beyond the player's work permit, with the signing off on personal terms not expected to be an issue. Both clubs have already made announcements on the expected transfer. ? We have reached an agreement with Atalanta for the future transfer of Amad Diallo, subject to a medical, personal terms and work permit. ?#MUFC TMW also claim that the transfer will comprise a €25m (£23m) upfront fee, supported by €15m (£13.5m) in additional bonuses, as well as a future sell-on fee of 15%. Though not completed this window, Diallo was one of four major pieces of incoming deadline day business for United, who also signed Edinson Cavani (free agent), Alex Telles (Porto) and Facundo Pellistri (Peñarol). Which club had the worst transfer window, Man United or Barcelona? ?
