West Ham Willing to Listen to Offers for Issa Diop With Two Premier League Clubs Keen
Aug 17, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-willing-listen-transfer-offers-issa-diop-two-premier-league-clubs-keen
West Ham United will listen to transfer offers for centre-back Issa Diop this summer, but will hold out for £45m for the Frenchman. 23-year-old Diop arrived at the London Stadium in 2018 and has generally impressed in 73 appearances for the club, attracting admiring glances from several of West Ham's Premier League rivals. According to Sky Sports News, the Hammers 'need to sell' this summer and could entertain offers for Diop, with at least two unnamed Premier League clubs are interested.  Focus on our next game ⚽ #ID23 #COYI A post shared by  Issa Diop (@issa_diop_05) on Oct 24, 2019 at 10:44am PDT It is noted, however, that the Hammers defender would not command anywhere near the £75m West Ham reportedly valued him at amid interest from Manchester United last summer. Instead it is claimed that £45m would be enough to convince the West Ham hierarchy to sell. Sky's report notes that Diop currently earns £50,000 per week with West Ham and move away from the London Stadium could see him earn a lucrative rise to his weekly salary. Though Tottenham are not named in the report, one manager who has never been shy about his admiration for Diop is Jose Mourinho. Spurs want to sign West Ham centre back Issa Diop. José Mourinho singled him out for praise when he was in charge at Man United. Diop hasn’t played for almost a month. West Ham don’t want to sell the 22-year-old. In today’s market he would be valued at more than £50m Speaking after Manchester United's 3-1loss at West Ham back in 2018, Mourinho famously said: "The centre-backs had a fantastic match. "Congratulations to the scout who found the 21-year-old kid, Diop. He was a monster and dominated every single duel." Diop spoke about his future to Europe1 in April this year, playing down speculation. He said: "Honestly, I don’t really pay attention to it. I try and be the best footballer I can be. Beyond that, you know the media. It’s part of football. I’m just trying have the best season I can.
