Transfer rumours: PSG eyeing Bernardo Silva; Man Utd's Casemiro offer
Aug 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-psg-eyeing-bernardo-silva-man-utd-casemiro-offer
Paris Saint-Germain are eyeing a €70m deal for Manchester City star Bernardo Silva, who may consider a move away from the club despite publicly saying he's happy at the Etihad Stadium. Barcelona are also in the running. Manchester United are making progress in their bid to sign Real Madrid midfielder Casemiro. A deal worth £60m is close to being agreed, with the Brazilian - who could pocket a sizeable wage rise - now viewed as a likelier arrival than Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong. Chelsea also hold interest in Casemiro, just as they do with De Jong, but they are currently chasing a deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Manchester United are considering a number of options in various positions, including Borussia Dortmund right-back Thomas Meunier if they sell Aaron Wan-Bissaka back to Crystal Palace for just £10m. The Old Trafford club are also looking at Switzerland goalkeeper Yann Sommer. Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has again popped up as potential Manchester United target. Tottenham are interested in Ukrainian midfielder Ruslan Malinovskyi, who plays for Atalanta in Serie A, while Antonio Conte says any players who are sold will need to be replaced. Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita isn't happy with how his season has started at Anfield, having missed out on playing in their first two Premier League games. But the club still intend to offer him a new contract and don't plan to sell to former club RB Leipzig. Liverpool are considering a move for AC Milan midfielder Ismael Bennacer, who has rejected the offer of a new contract at San Siro. Forgotten Arsenal full-back Hector Bellerin, who spent last season on loan at Real Betis, is a target for Serie A outfit Udinese. Leicester City manager Brendan Rodgers remains adamant that Wesley Fofana will not be leaving the club. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Bayern Munich are no closer to signing RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer despite the player's willingness to move to the Allianz Arena. Juventus are expected to sell at least six players before the transfer deadline on September 1. West Ham have backed away from their interest in Chelsea left-back Emerson Palmieri over his hefty wage demands. Everton could try to land Ben Brereton Diaz from Blackburn as an injury replacement for Dominic Calvert-Lewin. Nice have already had an £8.5m bid rejected, while there is also interest in the Chile international from West Ham and Fulham. Nottingham Forest are yet to agree a transfer fee with Lyon for midfielder Houssem Aouar, even though they have already agreed personal terms with the player. Southampton and Newcastle could be rivalled by Wolves in the pursuit of Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos. Brighton are looking at signing Chelsea youngster Billy Gilmour, who impressed at Euro 2020 but struggled to establish himself during a loan at Norwich last season.
