Oliver Kahn rules out Bayern Munich move for Cristiano Ronaldo
Jul 7, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/oliver-kahn-rules-out-bayern-munich-move-cristiano-ronaldo
Bayern Munich CEO Oliver Kahn has ruled out a move for Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo as it would 'not fit the club's philosophy'. Ronaldo has asked Manchester United to consider any suitable offers that come in for him this summer, with a select few clubs capable of completing such a deal. One of those would have been Bayern Munich, who could lose talismanic striker Robert Lewandowski this summer, but their outspoken hierarchy has moved quickly to pour cold water on rumours linking the Portuguese icon with a move to the Allianz Arena. "As highly as I rate Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the greatest, a transfer wouldn't be a fit with our philosophy," CEO Kahn told German publication Kicker. Kahn didn't expand on exactly what he meant by that, but his comments are pretty definitive. That essentially leaves Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain as the only two European clubs who may be willing and able to pull off a move for Ronaldo. Indeed, 90min understands the former are readying an opening bid for the 37-year-old forward, with new owner Todd Boehly enticed by the opportunity to sign a global superstar. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Ronaldo wants to continue his relentless pursuit of silverware and personal accolades, and he does not believe he can achieve his goals at Man Utd next season. The Red Devils' failure to qualify for the Champions League also had a bearing in the decision.
