PSG agree personal terms with Manuel Ugarte & Lucas Hernandez
May 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-agree-personal-terms-with-manuel-ugarte-lucas-hernandez
Paris Saint-Germain have agreed personal terms with both Sporting CP's Manuel Ugarte and Bayern Munich's Lucas Hernandez as they look to step up their plans for the summer transfer window, 90min understands. Despite heading for another Ligue 1 title, PSG have endured a disappointing season by their standards. Coupe de France and UEFA Champions League campaigns both ended in abrupt defeats and so PSG officials are keen to improve their squad. Midfield reinforcements are high on PSG's wish list and contact has now been made with Sporting CP over a deal for in-demand Uruguay international Ugarte. Ugarte has plenty of interest from the Premier League but is also open to the idea of moving to the French giants and PSG have already voiced a willingness to meet his wage demands, with talks now on with Sporting over a transfer fee. The 22-year-old has a release clause of around €60m which 90min understands PSG are reluctant to pay up front, with talks now on over a deal which would see the French side pay in instalments instead. feed Also on PSG's radar is Bayern defender Lucas, who is approaching the final two years of his contract in Bavaria. An agreement over personal terms has also been reached with the 27-year-old, who is now evaluating all his options. Bayern are keen to keep Lucas but have already made it clear they will not match PSG's offer to the Frenchman. Should Lucas refuse to extend his stay in Germany, Bayern are prepared to sell this summer and PSG are ready to make an offer if the versatile defender hits the market. Bayern paid €80m to sign Lucas from Atletico Madrid in the summer of 2019, but injuries have prevented him from showcasing his best form. Lucas suffered a season-ending knee injury just 13 minutes into France's opening fixture of the 2022 FIFA World Cup and may well have played his final game for Bayern as a result.
