Tottenham hopeful of Harry Kane stay despite Bayern Munich agreement
Aug 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-hopeful-harry-kane-stay-bayern-munich-agreement
Harry Kane has not yet accepted Bayern Munich's offer of a summer transfer, 90min understands, with Tottenham Hotspur hopeful their talisman will instead agree to stay. Having seen Kane enter the final year of his contract, Spurs have begrudgingly accepted a bid from Bayern worth €100m (£86.4m) but have long been determined to convince the England international to reject their advances and stay. While Bayern were confident an agreement with Spurs was all that was missing in their pursuit of Kane, sources have confirmed to 90min that the 30-year-old has not yet given his approval to a move to Munich. Kane is understood to be considering his options, one of which is to remain with Spurs beyond this summer, and sources close to the club are now hopeful that Kane will agree to remain at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium for at least one more season. The striker informed both Spurs and Bayern earlier this week that he wanted his future resolved by the time the new Premier League season kicks off this weekend, with Spurs due to play Brentford on Sunday. feed Bayern themselves wanted a deal wrapped up when they lodged a third bid which was also worth €100m, but based around a less-favourable payment structure for the Premier League side. But they did not get the immediate response they were hoping for as Spurs chairman Daniel Levy delayed his eventual rejection. They have now seen a bid accepted which would satisfy Kane's deadline but the striker has not yet given the green light - a hesitance which has left Spurs optimistic about their chances of keeping the striker. Should Kane stay, he would be able to discuss a free transfer overseas in January, with Spurs at risk of losing him for free next summer, when Premier League rivals would also be able to offer a contract. Spurs have long been determined to keep Kane and have never given up on convincing the England captain to sign a new contract further down the line.
