Arsenal step up Oleksandr Zinchenko interest after Lisandro Martinez blow
Jul 14, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-step-up-oleksandr-zinchenko-interest-lisandro-martinez-blow
Arsenal have stepped up their interest in Oleksandr Zinchenko, 90min understands, but they face significant competition for the Manchester City's star signature. 90min revealed in June that Zinchenko, despite being happy at City, would consider a move away from the club if he were offered a regular role elsewhere in central midfield. The 25-year-old has primarily operated as a left-back at the Etihad Stadium, and his performance on the final day of the season from that position helped City overturn a 2-0 deficit to beat Aston Villa 3-2 - sealing a fourth Premier League title in five years in the process. But his preference has always been to play in midfield - something he does on the international stage for Ukraine - and that's something that may be on offer to him at Arsenal. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony and Serge Gnabry, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The Gunners have held a long-standing interest in Zinchenko, but their willingness to negotiate a deal has intensified after they were beaten to the signing of Ajax's Lisandro Martinez by Manchester United - a player capable of playing at centre-back, full-back and in midfield. Arsenal primarily see Zinchenko as a midfielder, but his ability to cover on the left would be a huge asset for Mikel Arteta - who worked with the player for a number of years during his time as City's assistant manager. It's that relationship that Arsenal hope will persuade him to follow Gabriel Jesus to the Emirates Stadium, but 90min has been told that up to half a dozen Premier League clubs have asked about Zinchenko's availability - including Chelsea, Newcastle and Wolves.
