Matty Longstaff Offered Contract by Udinese With Newcastle Contract Talks at 'Impasse'
Jun 2, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/matty-longstaff-offered-contract-by-udinese-with-newcastle-contract-talks-at-impasse-01e9v2fm8hxn
Newcastle midfielder Matty Longstaff is could be on the verge of a bizarre move to Udinese, after the Serie A side reportedly offered him a £30,000-per-week contract - double the figure on the table from the Magpies. Longstaff broke into the Newcastle first-team setup earlier this season having graduated from the club’s youth system and enjoyed a dream Premier League debut last October, notching the winner in Newcastle’s 1-0 win over Manchester United. The 20-year-old is said to have been eager to extend his deal on Tyneside but has been unimpressed with Newcastle's proposals thus far. As a result his future at the club now seems uncertain, and Udinese have offered the youngster a substantial wage rise.  Sky Sports’ north east reporter Keith Downie broke the news on Twitter, tweeting: “Matty Longstaff has been offered £30,000-a-week to sign for Serie A side Udinese. The midfielder flew out to Italy before lockdown, where held talks over a five-year-deal. Longstaff wants to stay at Newcastle but Udinese’s offer is more than double that of Newcastle’s.” Udinese are reportedly not the only foreign club monitoring the situation of the Newcastle man, with Downie adding that a number of European giants were said to be watching on, though only one offer has been made at this stage. Matty Longstaff has been offered £30,000-a-week to sign for Serie A side Udinese. The midfielder flew out to Italy before lockdown, where held talks over a 5-year-deal. Longstaff wants to stay at Newcastle but Udinese’s offer is more than double that of Newcastle’s #NUFC “Previous reports stated Marseille and Inter Milan were interested, but only Udinese have made a concrete offer so far. Matty been mulling it over for nearly three months, and due to takeover situation at Newcastle talks have reached an impasse #NUFC”, he added. The speculation comes despite the England Under-20 starlet having made just six Premier League appearances for Newcastle.
