Football transfer rumours: Bayern's Kane decision; Barcelona open to selling assets
Apr 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-bayern-kane-decision-barcelona-open-to-selling-assets-9-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bayern Munich are reluctant to get into a bidding war for Tottenham striker Harry Kane, which could give Manchester United a free run at the England captain. He is valued at £100m or more. (Mirror) Barcelona could be open to offers for Ansu Fati, Raphinha and Ferran Torres to raise cash. (SPORT) Liverpool have ambitiously been linked with Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni as part of a rebuild in the middle of the pitch. (El Nacional) Liverpool have also been linked with Brighton star Alexis Mac Allister, as have Chelsea. (Relevo) Arsenal and Chelsea are both said to be interested in Wolfsburg full-back Ridle Baku, who is also attracting attention from Villarreal in Spain. (Caught Offside) Barcelona are keeping tabs on 18-year-old Fenerbahce midfielder Arda Guler. (Relevo) Paris Saint-Germain remain hopeful of agreeing a new contract with Lionel Messi, despite a determination from Barcelona to take him back to Camp Nou. (SPORT) Arsenal are said to have made contact over a potential deal for Porto star Pepe, the Portuguese club’s emerging Brazilian winger, not the veteran centre-back who is also there. (Express) feed PSG could see Sergio Ramos leave them for Saudia Arabia, with Al Hilal reported to be working on a deal for the 37-year-old. He is out of contract in less than three months. (Nicolo Schira) Manchester United could demand as much as £50m for Scott McTominay, a player in top form and linked with Newcastle. (Star) Newcastle and West Ham are now considered among the frontrunner to sign Wilfried Zaha on a free transfer should he leave Crystal Palace when his contract expires this summer. (Star) Palace could sign Sunderland’s Jack Clarke as a replacement for Zaha. (Sun)
