Gianluigi Donnarumma rejects second contract offer from AC Milan
Apr 1, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/gianluigi-donnarumma-rejects-second-milan-contract-offer
AC Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma has rejected the club's second offer of a new contract, allowing himself to enter the final three months of his current deal. The 22-year-old and his agent, Mino Raiola, have been locked in contract talks with Milan for what feels like forever, but the two parties are yet to find an agreement to keep Donnarumma in Italy. Gianluca Di Marzio notes that both Milan and Donnarumma are keen to get a deal over the line, but club officials are now taking a step back to reflect on things after the goalkeeper snubbed their second offer. Milan's first offer sat at close to £6m per season, while the second round of negotiations saw I Rossoneri raise the stakes to £7m. Raiola, however, was quick to shoot both down sets of terms, as he wants in excess of £10m per season on a short-term deal. Milan are happy to offer Donnarumma a two-year deal, but even that's not good enough for Raiola - who is pushing for a one-year extension.  The Italian wants to play in the Champions League and does not want to stick around in Milan if that is not going to be possible. Club officials are satisfied that their latest offer is fair and hope that Donnarumma will change his mind and accept soon. Fabrizio Romano adds that Milan remain 'confident', despite the situation being watched closely by sides across Europe. 90min reported back in December that Chelsea, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are all keen to snap Donnarumma up, while Manchester United and Real Madrid have also been linked in recent weeks. Romano notes that Chelsea are yet to make any concrete offer to Donnarumma, but their interest has been lodged with Raiola. The agent's focus is on keeping the goalkeeper in Milan, but he is well aware of what he could get his client if he looks elsewhere. Regular Champions League football is the key for Donnarumma, who despite being one of the world's best goalkeepers, is yet to make his debut in the competition.
