Football transfer rumours: Liverpool eye Bellingham alternatives; Chelsea hold Gavi talks
Apr 12, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-bellingham-alternatives-chelsea-gavi-talks-12-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool have decided to cool their interest in Jude Bellingham and will now focus their attentions on other midfield targets. They have been watching Mason Mount, Conor Gallagher, Matheus Nunes, Alexis Mac Allister, Moises Caicedo, Ryan Gravenberch and out-of-contract Youri Tielemans. Bellingham is not in favour of a move to either Chelsea or PSG. (BILD) Brighton will not sell Caicedo for less than £80m, with Manchester United also interested in a deal for the Ecuadorian. (Football Insider) Meanwhile, Marco Reus is set to spurn the advances of Manchester United and sign a new contract with Borussia Dortmund. Julian Brandt similarly turned down the chance to head to the Premier League and committed his future to BVB on Tuesday. (BILD) Real Madrid are weighing up a move for Roberto Firmino, who will leave Liverpool when his contract expires at the end of the season. (El Nacional) Chelsea have been in talks with the representatives of Barcelona midfielder Gavi over a summer switch to Stamford Bridge. (AS) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Arsenal are interested in signing the versatile Ridle Baku to their ranks. The Wolfsburg star is capable of playing at right-back and in midfield. (Sky Germany) Real Madrid came close to signing Sergi Roberto during his younger days, but he instead opted to join Barcelona. (Cadena SER) Tottenham have moved ahead of Newcastle in the race to sign Leicester playmaker James Maddison. (Football Insider) With Sergio Busquets entering his twilight years, Barcelona had considered replacing him with former Southampton midfielder and La Masia graduate Oriol Romeu. (Mundo Deportivo) Bayern Munich could enter the race to sign Victor Osimhen from Napoli and are now contemplating making an offer. (Sky Germany) LISTEN NOW
