Manchester United progressing on £60m deal for Real Madrid's Casemiro
Aug 19, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-united-transfer-60m-real-madrid-casemiro
Manchester United are prepared to make Casemiro one of the Premier League's highest earners in order to persuade him to move to Old Trafford, 90min understands. Casemiro had not been in a huge hurry to leave Real Madrid this summer, but recent interest emerging in the Brazilian has turned his head. Carlo Ancelotti and Real both want the Brazilian international to stay in Spain, but huge mutual respect exists between the player and his club. The European champions have told Casemiro they will not stand in his way of leaving if he makes it clear he wishes to go, and if their valuation is met. A deal worth £50m could be struck between the clubs if United can agree personal terms with the 30-year-old, though the overall deal could rise to above £60m if all add-ons are met. Chelsea have been keeping in close contact with Real Madrid about a potential deal, as 90min revealed this week, and have been weighing up making a move in the next couple of weeks. United, though, are talking to Casemiro's representatives as they want to make sure that the player would want to move to Old Trafford. Sources have confirmed to 90min that matters have 'accelerated' in the last 24 hours. During those talks it has emerged that United would be willing to pay Casemiro close to £400,000-a-week, inclusive of bonuses. Spanish sources have told 90min that it would nearly double Casemiro's wages in terms of his take home pay at Real Madrid, although sources close to United have contested that this is not exactly the case.  It's understood United are even willing to offer the player a five-year deal - an appealing prospect to a player over the age of 30. 90min understands that Chelsea would not be willing to give the player such a huge pay rise, but given United can't offer Champions League football they would look to overcome that hurdle with financial reward.
