West Ham approach Chelsea over Emerson deal; Thilo Kehrer talks continue
Aug 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-approach-chelsea-over-emerson-deal-thilo-kehrer-talks-continue
West Ham United have approached Chelsea over a deal for left-back Emerson Palmieri, 90min understands, with talks ongoing with Paris Saint-Germain for the signing of Thilo Kehrer. David Moyes is desperate to strengthen his defensive options because of an injury crisis that has forced Ben Johnson to fill in at centre-back alongside Kurt Zouma. Nayef Aguerd has undergone ankle surgery and is likely ruled out until after the World Cup, Craig Dawson has a hamstring injury and Angelo Ogbonna is still short of fitness after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee last season. There are also concerns about a long-term degenerative knee problem for Zouma, 90min understands, and the Frenchman has looked far from fit in West Ham's opening two Premier League defeats to Manchester City and Nottingham Forest. 90min previously reported on West Ham's interest in Kehrer, who is into the final year of his contract at Paris Saint-Germain, and sources have confirmed that talks are continuing over a permanent deal. The Hammers hope to persuade the Ligue 1 champions to agree to a transfer that could be worth around €15m when all bonuses and add-ons are taken into account. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! There's also growing interest from West Ham in Chelsea left-back Emerson, who is available for transfer, and 90min has learned that an approach has been made. The Brazilian spent last season on loan at Lyon, performing well, and came up against the Hammers during their sparkling run to the semi-final of the Europa League.
