David de Gea to shun Saudi Arabia interest and stay at Man Utd
Jun 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/david-de-gea-shun-saudi-arabia-interest-stay-man-utd
Manchester United expect David de Gea to sign a new contract at the club despite interest from clubs in Saudi Arabia, sources have told 90min. De Gea, the Premier League Golden Glove winner for the 2022/23 season, has been one of Erik ten Hag's most trusted players during his first season at Old Trafford. Ten Hag wants Man Utd to bring in competition for De Gea, but ever since arriving at Old Trafford in 2022, he has made it clear that he wants the Spaniard to sign a new deal. Terms with De Gea have been agreed in principle - as 90min revealed last month - and an announcement has been expected in order to confirm this new contract, but late interest from Saudi Arabia's Pro League threatened to complicate the situation. However, sources have told 90min that De Gea does not have a desire to leave Man Utd for the Middle East at this point of his career. Talks between Man Utd and De Gea have been harmonious from the off and there has never been any worry from either side about terms not being agreed, despite his current contract expiring at the end of this month. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed The one major issue to overcome was the fact De Gea has long been the club's highest earner on over £350,000-a-week. But the goalkeeper is taking a substantial pay cut to stay on at Old Trafford and confirmation of his new deal is expected at some point this month. Once De Gea's deal is finalised, Man Utd will look to bring in more competition between the sticks as they currently few backup options. Man Utd are considering promoting highly-rated young Czech goalkeeper Matej Kovar, who has impressed on loan at Sparta Prague this season. Jack Butland, who finished the season with Man Utd, has joined Rangers after his loan from Crystal Palace expired. Long-term understudy Dean Henderson is set to complete a permanent move to Nottingham Forest. LISTEN NOW
