Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid offer Mbappe mega deal; Man Utd maintain Raya interest
Jul 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-mbappe-man-utd-raya-7-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid have offered Kylian Mbappe a five-year contract worth €50m-a-year. The Frenchman will not be extending his stay at Paris Saint-Germain and the Ligue 1 giants are keen to sell and receive a transfer fee. (Cadena Ser) Manchester United are continuing to keep other goalkeepers on their radar in case a deal with Inter cannot be agreed for Andre Onana - particularly David Raya and Justin Bijlow. (Sky Sports) The Red Devils are looking to sell Harry Maguire, Scott McTominay, Alex Telles, Eric Bailly and Brandon Williams in order to bring some money back into the club. (Mirror) But it is proving difficult to sell Maguire in particular due to a rise in his wages triggered by Champions League qualification. (Guardian) Barcelona have been given 24 hours to send Athletico Paranaense the documents required to complete the signing of Vitor Roque. An agreement has been reached by the two clubs but the Brazilian giants want the deal finalised as Premier League clubs show interest. (Mundo Deportivo) Newcastle could make a shock move for Juventus centre-back Leonardo Bonucci, 36, in order to bring experience to their squad for the Champions League. (TeamTalk) Southampton are hopeful of getting £50m for Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea target Romeo Lavia. (Sky Sports) Manchester City youngster Shea Charles is set to follow in the footsteps of Lavia, leaving the Etihad to join Southampton in a deal worth £11m. (Mail) manual Chelsea and AC Milan are continuing to negotiate a deal for winger Christian Pulisic. The American has asked to move on this summer amid a lack of first team opportunities. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United think they can seal a deal for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund at £50m. (Telegraph) Former Real Madrid winger Eden Hazard could be heading Stateside to join Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets at Inter Miami. (The Sun) Tottenham midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg is attracting interest from Atletico Madrid and could be allowed to leave north London. (Mail) Keen to join Hajduk Split in his homeland, Croatian winger Ivan Perisic has informed Tottenham of his wish to terminate his contract. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Crystal Palace might struggle to re-sign Wilfried Zaha, a free agent since the end of June, because of offers to the player from Al Nassr, Fenerbahce and Lazio. (Evening Standard)
