Football transfer rumours: Man Utd to rival Chelsea for Caicedo; Real Madrid move on from Mbappe
Jun 29, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-chelsea-caicedo-real-madrid-mbappe-29-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United will step up their interest in Moises Caicedo with an approach to Brighton in the coming days. (Sky Sports) There is also confidence that Manchester United and Chelsea will agree terms over the transfer of Mason Mount. The Red Devils have had three bids rejected by the Blues already. (Fabrizio Romano) Declan Rice has been given permission to undergo a medical at Arsenal after the Gunners agreed a £105m transfer fee with West Ham. (TalkSPORT) Liverpool have held talks with the agents of Dominik Szoboszlai, but there is an acceptance that it will hard to complete a transfer this summer due to his €70m release clause at RB Leipzig. (The Athletic) Real Madrid have turned their attentions to signing Turkey starlet Arda Guler from Fenerbahce as opposed to continuing a pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. The teenager has also been linked with Barcelona. (MARCA) Carlo Ancelotti is frustrated at the possibility of not replacing Karim Benzema this summer, with Mbappe and Harry Kane both heavily linked with moves to the Santiago Bernabeu. (The Athletic) Bayern Munich are expected to increase their offer to Tottenham for Kane after an bid of €70m was rejected. (The Sun) manual Meanwhile, Bayern Munich have agreed personal terms with Manchester United and Newcastle target Kim Min-jae and are expected to trigger his Napoli release clause at the start of July. (Fabrizio Romano) Inter are prepared to agree to an expensive obligatory purchase clause if they take Romelu Lukaku on loan from Chelsea again. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Benfica believe that Manchester United are prepared to offer €80m for young striker Goncalo Ramos. (Correio de Manha) Manchester City considered a move for James Maddison prior to his move to Tottenham on Wednesday night. (Daily Mail)
