Football transfer rumours: Neymar agrees Barcelona return; Man Utd eye Onana
Aug 12, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-neymar-agrees-barcelona-man-utd-onana-12-8-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Neymar has agreed a two-year contract worth €13m (£11.2m) per season to return to Barcelona but will only be able to make the move if Paris Saint-Germain agree to terminate his contract. (El Chiringuito) Barcelona have also reignited their pursuit of Manchester City full-back Joao Cancelo. (Fabrizio Romano) Kepa Arrizabalaga has informed Chelsea that he wants to be allowed to join Bayern Munich this summer. The German side have offered to take Kepa on loan with an option to buy. (Sky Germany) Chelsea also plan to step up their interest in Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise and continue to track Ajax's Mohammed Kudus. (The Guardian) Eintracht Frankfurt do not believe they will be able to keep hold of striker Randal Kolo Muani, with PSG pushing very hard to get a deal done. (Sport1) With Harry Kane's move to Bayern Munich now complete, Tottenham have made contact with Gent over Nigerian striker Gift Orban, with a €30m (£25.9m) bid potential on the cards. (Sacha Tavolieri) Tottenham have also expressed an interest in Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun. (Gazzetta dello Sport) manual Manchester United have added Everton midfielder Amadou Onana to their list of potential targets. (Mail) After failing with a £70m bid, Manchester City are preparing a fresh offer for West Ham United midfielder Lucas Paqueta. (Football Insider) West Ham will demand over £90m to part ways with Brazil international Paqueta. (Telegraph) The latest goalkeeper to be added to Real Madrid's shortlist is Leeds' Illan Meslier, who is seen as an affordable target. (SPORT) Fluminense have warned Liverpool they will not sell midfielder Andre Trindade after reaching the quarter-finals of the Copa Libertadores, insisting the 22-year-old will not leave until January at the earliest. (Globo)
