Football transfer rumours: Napoli star wants Man Utd move; Arsenal to smash transfer record
May 16, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-napoli-star-wants-man-utd-arsenal-transfer-record-16-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Kim Min-jae has signalled a willingness to join Manchester United this summer. The centre-back has a €50m release clause, while the Red Devils are also in discussions for Napoli team-mate Victor Osimhen. (Daily Mirror) Real Madrid are also eyeing the future signing of Osimhen if they fail to bring in Kylian Mbappe or Erling Haaland. (Fichajes) Chelsea offered Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech to AC Milan last summer in a bid to sign Rafael Leao, who has since committed his future to San Siro. (The Athletic) Brighton midfielder Alexis Mac Allister has his eyes set on a move to a Champions League club this summer amid links to Liverpool, who currently sit outside the Premier League's top four. (The Athletic) Mauricio Pochettino will hold talks with Mason Mount over his future once his appointment as Chelsea head coach is finalised. Mount's contract is up in 2024 and he has been linked with Arsenal and Liverpool. (Football Insider) Though they are still holding contract talks with David de Gea, Manchester United are considering a move for Borussia Dortmund goalkeeper Gregor Kobel. (Independent) Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan is yet to decide his future amid strong interest from Barcelona. Pep Guardiola is keen to see the German renew his contract at the Etihad Stadium. (Fabrizio Romano) feed Wolves have placed a £45m price tag on Ruben Neves with Barcelona set to reignite their interest in the midfielder. (Daily Telegraph) With Barcelona likely to re-sign Lionel Messi, PSG will look to replace him with Manchester City star Bernardo Silva. (Le Parisien) Arsenal are willing to break their transfer record - which currently stands at £72m for Nicolas Pepe in 2019 - in order to sign Declan Rice from West Ham. The Gunners could end up paying £90m for the Hammers captain. (Daily Mail) Tottenham are continuing to monitor in-demand Villarreal centre-back Pau Torres. (GiveMeSport) Spurs are, however, trailing Arsenal in the race to sign left-back Ferland Mendy from Real Madrid. (Sport) LISTEN NOW
