Pedro Neto reacts to Arsenal transfer interest
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/pedro-neto-reacts-to-arsenal-transfer-interest
Pedro Neto has confessed he is flattered to have attracted interest from Arsenal but has stressed his happiness at current club Wolves. 90min understands that Arsenal are looking to push forward with a move for 22-year-old Neto, who is back to full fitness after overcoming a nasty knee injury which kept him out of action for ten months between April 2021 and February 2022. Arsenal were among the sides to be offered the chance to move for Neto earlier this summer, alongside Chelsea and Manchester United, and they are now keen to open talks with Wolves to get a deal done. “I always like to hear this sort of stuff but I’m focused on my job here because I’m feeling very good here,” he told The Times of the interest in him. “The things you hear makes you work even more, it’s good for you and your mentality to know that people know your value. It gives me more hunger to work harder.” Neto went on to admit that he aspires to play European football but insisted his focus was on leading Wolves to the Champions League, rather than joining another side. “The dream of any player is to play in the Champions League,” he continued. “I want to help this club to go higher and higher because I think we have that potential with the way we work, the way we sign players, the way we try to arrive there.  Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey,Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "We were very close last year but it is missing something and that’s something we have to work out between us.” Neto also reflected on his knee injury, admitting his frustration at losing all the progress he had made up to that point.
