Football transfer rumours: Man Utd prepare Kane bid; Neymar's newest suitors
Apr 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-kane-neymar-25-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are exploring the intricacies of a deal to sign Harry Kane from Tottenham this summer, including how to handle negotiations with chairman Daniel Levy. It is unlikely that Kane will sign a new contract with Spurs - his current deal expires in 2024. (Daily Telegraph) In addition to Kane, Manchester United have also entered the running for Neymar, who is expected to leave PSG at the end of the season. Chelsea have recently been linked with a move for the Brazil star. (Foot Mercato) Manchester City have entered the race to sign Kim Min-jae from Napoli, with Liverpool, Manchester United and Tottenham all interested in the South Korea defender. (The Sun) Emerson Royal has played down talk from his father that he should join Real Madrid, insisting he is focusing on his future with Tottenham. What a sentence, honestly. (TalkSPORT) Roberto Firmino wants to join Barcelona when his contract at Liverpool expires this summer, but the current leaders of La Liga are not currently interested in him. (Marca) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Instead, Barcelona want to re-sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Chelsea after a miserable season at Stamford Bridge. (Sky Sports) Meanwhile, Gavi has reassured Barça that he will not leave the club when his youth contract expires this summer despite interest from Chelsea. (Sport) Mikel Arteta is 'obsessed' with Moises Caicedo after nearly signing the midfielder from Brighton in January, and Arsenal are expected to make another push to bring him to the Emirates Stadium in time for next season. (El Nacional) Liverpool are targeting Inter's Nicolo Barella as part of their summer rebuild having withdrawn from the race for Jude Bellingham. (Gazzetta dello Sport) LISTEN NOW
