Bayern Munich Feeling 'Betrayed' as Sergiño Dest Travels for Barcelona Medical
Sep 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-betrayed-sergino-dest-transfer-barcelona-medical
Ajax right-back Sergiño Dest is expected to arrive in Barcelona on Monday to undergo a medical ahead of sealing a move to the Catalonian side. Barça have already sold Nélson Semedo to Wolverhampton Wanderers in a deal worth close to £37m, and club officials quickly identified 19-year-old Dest as the man to replace him. A general agreement was reached between the two sides early last week, with Barcelona and Ajax now simply negotiating the structure of the payments. According to Mundo Deportivo, the deal will set Barça back a cool €20m with a further €5m in add-ons. He is believed to have said his goodbyes to his team-mates after Saturday's 2-1 win over Vitesse, and is now expected to arrive in Barcelona on Monday to undergo his medical and put pen to paper on his contract. Barça hope to be able to confirm the deal by Tuesday at the latest, but it will all come down to whether a final agreement over the payment plan can be reached by then. Ajax want more money upfront, whereas Barcelona hope to delay most of the payments until next summer and would ideally like to take Dest on loan this season with an obligation to make the deal permanent. Despite not actually finalising the agreement yet, everyone involved has accepted that he will join Barcelona this summer, and according to Sport, that has left fellow suitors Bayern Munich feeling betrayed by the whole ordeal. Bayern were widely expected to win the race for Dest's signature and had lodged a €20m bid well before Barcelona had even expressed an interest, but the German side believe Ajax delayed a response to give Barça the chance to join the fun. Even when Barcelona did submit a bid, Bayern were confident as they had offered more money and were prepared to pay most of it upfront, so they were surprised to see Ajax accept a lower bid from Barcelona.
