Transfer rumours: Man Utd give up on Pogba, Newcastle eye Navas
Apr 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-give-up-on-pogba-newcastle-eye-navas
Manchester United have given up hope of extending the contract of World Cup winner Paul Pogba, who has now likely played his last game for the club after picking up a calf injury. Mohamed Salah says money is not the only factor to consider as contracts talks with Liverpool rumble on. Newcastle are keeping an eye on PSG goalkeeper Keylor Navas ahead of a potential summer bid. The 35-year-old is competing with Gianluigi Donnarumma for a starting spot at the Parc des Princes and wants to play regular first-team football. Juventus and Sevilla are also interested. PSG have offered Kylian Mbappe an enormous yearly salary of €50m (£42m) as they bid to claw back the 23-year-old from the clutches of Real Madrid - the Spanish giants remain confident of taking him to the Santiago Bernabeu once his contract in the French capital runs out. Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger, another player out of contract this summer, has ruled out a move to Manchester United. Real Madrid are favourites to land the German on a free transfer. Marcus Rashford has decided he wants to stay and fight for his place under new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag - who will be given at least £120m to spend on new players. Declan Rice has turned down a third contract offer from West Ham and continues to weigh up his long-term future amid interest from Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea. Arsenal and Atletico Madrid hope to lure Austrian midfielder Marcel Sabitzer away from Bayern Munich. The 28-year-old has been unable to command a regular starting role at the Allianz Arena. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders & Graeme Bailey. Toby Cudworth joins the show this week to discuss contract situations at West Ham, while there are updates on Man City's pursuit of Erling Haaland and Chelsea's plans for Romelu Lukaku. Barcelona will announce a new contract for Uruguayan defender Ronald Araujo next week after months of negotiations. Karim Adeyemi will sign for Borussia Dortmund after an agreement was reached with the player's representatives and RB Salzburg. Liverpool have joined the race for RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer. Manchester United, Tottenham and Bayern Munich have also been credited with an interest in the Austrian. West Ham are eyeing up Fiorentina goalkeeper Bartlomiej Dragowski as a long-term replacement for Lukasz Fabianski, whose proposed new one-year deal has yet to be confirmed. Arsenal defender William Saliba is unlikely to return to Marseille despite enjoying a successful loan spell at the club. His departure could prompt the Ligue 1 giants to move for Manchester United outcast Eric Bailly.
