Football transfer rumours: Arsenal lead Hojlund race; Liverpool ready Kim bid
Mar 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-arsenal-lead-hojlund-race-liverpool-ready-kim-bid-28-03-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Arsenal are leading the race to sign Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund but the Gunners will have to fend off competition from Juventus, who want the Dane to replace Dusan Vlahovic. Hojlund is valued at €45m. (Calciomercato) Bukayo Saka is close to signing a new £15m-a-year contract with Arsenal, having ensured manager Mikel Arteta that he is not interested in leaving to join Manchester City. (Daily Mail) Man City are also at risk of losing talented academy midfielder Shea Charles, who is being tracked by Borussia Dortmund. (Bild) Despite interest from Barcelona, Lionel Messi could leave Paris Saint-Germain and move to Major League Soccer this summer on a deal which would see each of the 29 clubs in the league contribute to his salary. (Sport) Liverpool are ready to compete with Manchester United to sign Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae, with the Reds prepared to pay €70m to sign the South Korea international. (Ciro Venerato) READ NEXT manual Tottenham are the latest Premier League side to express an interest in signing Brighton striker Evan Ferguson. (Football Insider) After seeing his new contract blocked by La Liga, Bayern Munich have ramped up their interest in signing Barcelona midfielder Gavi at the end of the season, when he can leave on a free transfer. (Sky Germany) Manchester City 'will sign' Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga on a €40m deal, with a five-year contract worth €60m, unless Real Madrid decide to match that offer. (Marca) PSG have joined the race to sign Sporting CP centre-back Goncalo Inacio, who is also of interest to Manchester United. (O Jogo) After spending £600m on players over the past two transfer windows, Chelsea must raise significant funds this summer as their expected absence from the Champions League could see them struggle to meet Financial Fair Play rules. (The Times) LISTEN NOW
