Joao Cancelo makes surprising admission about Man City future
Feb 26, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/joao-cancelo-surprising-admission-man-city-future
Joao Cancelo has suggested his Manchester City career is not necessarily over despite leaving the club for Bayern Munich on an initial loan. The full-back surprisingly left the Etihad Stadium at the back end of the January transfer window after expressing his desire to leave, swiftly joining German champions Bayern on loan with an option to buy. The Bavarians have already stated that they are unlikely to be able to afford the €70m purchase clause in the deal, though are still interested in signing him permanently. 90min understands that Real Madrid and Chelsea would also be interested in a summer deal for Cancelo. But in an interview with O Jogo, Cancelo opened up on his deep connection with Man City and admitted he could yet return to the club. On this edition of Talking Transfers, part of the 90min podcast network, Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth discuss Mauricio Pochettino turning down Chelsea, Leeds and West Ham's manager situation, Mason Mount links to Liverpool, Man City's interest in Declan Rice & more. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! "Will I still celebrate an English title with City? I hope so. I created a second family there," Cancelo said. "Bernardo [Silva] has become one of my best friends, he is the person I miss the most there. He was my psychologist. When something didn’t go so well, he was the one to talk to.  "Ruben [Dias] too, but my relationship with Bernardo is actually very good, even on the field, we had a great connection when we played on the same side. "He is a person that I will take with me for the rest of my life. Of course, in England I’m rooting for them and I hope they win so that at the end of the season I can be celebrating a title in England and another in Germany. "City’s group is spectacular, it’s the best I’ve ever worked in, both as a group and personally. I created great friendships. "[Riyad] Mahrez is a great friend of mine, not a day goes by that he doesn’t call me.
