Antonio Conte: Tottenham will only sign players with ‘specific characteristics’
Aug 6, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/antonio-conte-tottenham-will-only-sign-players-with-specific-characteristics
Tottenham head coach Antonio Conte says he will only sign players with 'specific characteristics' as he shed light on the logic behind his transfer business this summer. Spurs kicked off their Premier League campaign with a resounding 4-1 win over Southampton. James Ward-Prowse netted an early opener for the Saints, but Tottenham responded through goals from Ryan Sessegnon, Eric Dier, Dejan Kulusevski, and a Mohammed Salisu own goal. However, none o Conte's summer signings started the game, with the Italian selecting the same starting 10 of the 11 players that secured Champions League football with a 5-0 win over Norwich on the final day of last season - Cristian Romero returned in place of Davinson Sanchez. The Spurs boss says he is pleased with the incomings at Spurs, highlighting the addition of players with specific qualities. "Our first target was to improve the squad and the numerical aspect and quality aspect," said Conte. "I think we work with common sense to sign players with specific characteristics for our system, for our target and the club work well. "To play for competition and if we want to try to be competitive and stronger than last season, we need to have a squad. "The characteristics are to play intense football, and, to play this type of modern football, the players need to have quality. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "It is normal he has quality but at the same time he has to be strong physically, a good engine, stamina because this league is very, very difficult.
