Bayern Munich confirm agreement with Barcelona over Robert Lewandowski sale
Jul 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-confirm-agreement-with-barcelona-robert-lewandowski-sale
Bayern Munich president Herbert Hainer has confirmed that the club have reached an agreement to sell striker Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona. The Polish striker has already said his goodbyes to his Bayern teammates and 90min understands that Barcelona are looking to get the transfer over the line in the coming days, having spent months negotiating the terms of a €50m deal. Despite a long-standing insistence that Lewandowski would not be sold this summer, Hainer has now publicly confirmed that the 33-year-old is heading to Camp Nou. "We have a verbal commitment from Barcelona," Hainer said. "It's good for both sides that we have clarity. "Robert is a very deserving player, he has won everything with us. We are incredibly grateful to him." Lewandowski's agent, Pini Zahavi, has also confirmed the agreement in an interview with Sky Sport Germany. "I would like to thank FC Bayern - and especially Oliver and Hasan - for ultimately understanding and respecting Robert's dream of a new challenge in his career," he said. "Mateu Alemany, Hasan Salihamidzic and I were on the phone non-stop on Friday until midnight to find a good solution for all parties. In the end, I think everyone emerges as a winner from this story. "Robert deserves to take on a new challenge with his head held high after so many great years and loyal service to FC Bayern Munich. And Bayern received very good financial compensation. "This great club will always be one of the biggest in the world and I wish them the best of luck and success for the next season." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony and Serge Gnabry, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Barcelona completed the triangle later in the day by confirming the agreement themselves.  "FC Barcelona and Bayern Munich have reached an early agreement for the transfer of Robert Lewandowski , pending the player's medical examination and the signing of contracts," their statement read.
