Arsenal pondering player-plus-cash deal for Emiliano Buendia 
Jan 4, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-pondering-player-plus-cash-deal-emiliano-buendia-transfer-norwich
Arsenal are prepared to get creative in their attempts to sign Norwich playmaker Emiliano Buendia in January, and could use the likes of Reiss Nelson or Joe Willock in a player-plus-cash deal. Buendia was a beacon of light in a doomed Premier League campaign for Norwich last season. They were fun to watch for the early part of the campaign, and famously beat Manchester City at the peak of their powers, but lost their final ten matches as they went down with a whimper.  Despite their struggles, Argentine Buendia shone with eight assists in all competition, and his impressive form has continued as the Canaries re-adapt to the Championship. Seven goals and seven assists have helped them open a four-point gap at the top of the division, and they are desperate to keep hold of the 24-year-old for the second half of the season amid plenty of interest in his signature.   Emiliano Buendía has created more chances (62) than any other player in Europe's top five leagues this season.He could be a popular man in the the January transfer window. ? pic.twitter.com/wrslufKDIW Arsenal are one of the clubs thought to be at the front of the queue as they seek out a new attacking midfielder in the January window. According to The Independent, they will have to offload players before bringing any more in, and that has led them to 'investigate' the possibility of tabling a player-plus-cash offer for Norwich's prized asset.  Willock and Nelson are the two players named and it's thought that Arteta would be keen to part with either in order to secure a long-term target in Buendia.  It's said that a deal is still 'some way' from being agreed, however, and Arsenal have not yet settled on Buendia as their primary target. Fabrizio Romano further adds that he is 'one of the options' but that the focus remains on selling players first, with Mesut Ozil, Sokratis and Sead Kolasinac - who already secured a loan deal to Schalke, whoops, Fab - on the agenda. 
