Werder Bremen in 'Good Talks' With Man Utd to Take Tahith Chong on Loan
Aug 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/werder-bremen-man-utd-tahith-chong-loan
Werder Bremen's sporting director Frank Baumann has confirmed that the Bundesliga outfit are in 'good talks' with Manchester United regarding a loan move for Tahith Chong.  Chong was attracting interest from a number of top European clubs when his contract was due to expire this summer, but United were able to tie him down to a new two-year deal with an option for a third year back in March.  The 20-year-old recently made his sixth appearance in the Europa League in 2019/20, coming off the bench to help the Red Devils secure a 2-1 win over LASK. Chong was expected to come on and operate in his usual left-wing role, but he instead shone while operating as a left-back.   On to the next round ✌?? congrats on your debut bro @tedenmengi A post shared by  Tahith Chong (@tahithchong) on Aug 5, 2020 at 2:33pm PDT However, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer hasn't been able to offer the youngster regular game time in the first team in 2019/20, so a loan move could be beneficial as he looks to take the next step in his career. Bild recently reported that Werder Bremen have held talks with the player's representatives regarding a loan move.  Furthermore, Chong's agent Erkan Alkan confirmed to Bild that his client would like to make the switch to the Bundesliga, explaining: "Tahith would like to join the Bundesliga. We'll talk to Man Utd about it on Thursday." Werder Bremen's sporting director Baumann has now revealed that 'good talks' are currently being held with the Red Devils regarding a loan transfer for Chong, but an agreement hasn't yet been reached. A two-year loan has been suggested.  "He is a player who is interesting for us, no question about it," Baumann told reporters in Germany, as quoted by Goal. "We need a player like him in the position he plays. We are in good talks with Manchester United, but there are several details to be agreed on."
