Man Utd receive boost as key target could be sold in January
Nov 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-receive-boost-as-key-target-could-be-sold-in-january
Manchester United have a huge decision to make on the future of Cristiano Ronaldo in the coming days, as his interview with Piers Morgan continues to send shockwaves through the club. Ronaldo's criticism of the Glazer family and his admission that he "does not respect" his current manager has meant United are considering the termination of the 37-year-old's contract, though the club will gather the full facts before making a decision. Regardless, Ronaldo is in all likelihood going to leave United before the Premier League returns after the World Cup, and his departure will leave Ten Hag short in the striking department - it's already proven a problem area for them in the first half of the season. Ten Hag has been pushing United to sign PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo for a number of months, and United have received a boost in their pursuit of the Dutchman as 90min understands the Eredivisie side are prepared to let the player leave in January. Gakpo has enjoyed a brilliant season up to the World Cup break - with 14 goals and 14 assists to his name - and has become one of the form forwards in European football so far this season. The 23-year-old is now with the Dutch squad for the World Cup finals, but could be sold for the right price following the conclusion of the tournament in Qatar. PSV would ideally like to wait until the summer to let Gakpo go, but having missed out on Champions League group stages at the start of the campaign, they're unlikely to be able to resist a big money offer at the start of next year. Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey in the latest episode of Talking Transfers, discussing Cristiano Ronaldo's interview and his future, Man Utd's interest in Cody Gakpo, plus the latest on Endrick and Rafael Leao. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! A host of clubs are ready to compete for his signature, though United's interest remains firmly in place and sources close to the situation still consider United as the leading party in the chase to land him. United didn't move for the player in the summer after it was decided Ronaldo was to stay, but a move could be accelerated if and when he leaves. Ten Hag is a firm fan of Gakpo and the fact the two share the same agents does not harm the chances of a deal happening. It's understood PSV will demand in excess of £40m for Gakpo. 
