Barcelona confident of finalising Marcos Alonso deal
Aug 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-confident-of-finalising-marcos-alonso-deal
Barcelona remain in talks with Chelsea over a deal to sign left-back Marcos Alonso, and 90min understands there is a confidence that an agreement will soon be reached. The Catalan giants had been looking to sign both Alonso and fellow defender Cesar Azpilicueta as the pair entered the final 12 months of their respective contracts, but the latter ended the speculation over his future on Thursday by signing a new two-year deal at Stamford Bridge. While Azpilicueta was always open to staying at Chelsea, the understanding is that Alonso has made it clear that he wants a move to Barcelona. Manager Thomas Tuchel is prepared to sanction his departure, too - unlike with Azpilicueta. Having missed out on the Chelsea captain, Barcelona have stepped up their pursuit of Alonso and sources have confirmed that the Blaugrana believe a deal will soon be reached. An agreement over personal terms was struck weeks ago and all that remains is the negotiations over a transfer fee, with Chelsea keen to bring in funds after striking a bumper deal to sign Brighton defender Marc Cucurella. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! During the talks between the two sides, Barcelona have brought up a handful of their own players in an attempt to entice a bid from Chelsea, with midfielder Frenkie de Jong still being pushed to Stamford Bridge after talks with Manchester United slowed down. De Jong is by no means the only player put on the table by Barcelona as Chelsea have also been alerted to the availability of both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Memphis Depay, both of whom have tumbled down the pecking order following Robert Lewandowski's move to Camp Nou.
