Transfer rumours: Man Utd working on Ronaldo request; Chelsea consider Gnabry
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-working-on-ronaldo-request-chelsea-consider-gnabry
Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold is trying to persuade Cristiano Ronaldo to withdraw his request to leave Old Trafford.  Arnold has also flown to Barcelona with football director John Murtough to try and thrash out a deal for Dutch midfielder Frenkie de Jong - a move that has stalled over the past week or so. United could turn to Leicester's Youri Tielemans or Wolves' Ruben Neves if they are unable to land De Jong. Chelsea are ready to move on from Raphinha, who looks set to join Barcelona after terms were finally agreed with Leeds, and have interest in Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry. Arsenal have offered Benfica £6m for 26-year-old left-back Alex Grimaldo, who is into the final year of his contract. AC Milan are hopeful of landing Moroccan winger Hakim Ziyech, with Chelsea open to discussing a permanent transfer. Declan Rice has a 'gentleman's agreement' with West Ham to stay for one more season. Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City have all been linked with the England star. Newcastle are considering a move for Espanyol striker Raul de Tomas, a player who was previously of interest to Arsenal and Juventus. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Brentford appear to have beaten Manchester United to the signature of free agent goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha. Real Madrid forward Rodrygo Goes has confirmed that he'll soon sign a new contract at the Santiago Bernabeu. Sevilla are interested in signing Tottenham wing-back Sergio Reguilon, who did not travel with the first team squad for a pre-season tour of South Korea. Liverpool are ready to rival Manchester City for the signature of Portuguese midfielder Matheus Nunes. Contact has been made with the 23-year-old's representatives, who could be available for €40m. Wolves have rejected a bid from Everton for Morgan Gibbs-White as the offer fell short of their £30m valuation. The Toffees are also interested in Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher. Alexis Sanchez is in talks with Inter to terminate his contract after Simone Inzaghi told the 33-year-old that he's not in his plans.
