Said Benrahma Fails West Ham Medical as Talks Continue Over Revised Fee With Brentford
Oct 16, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/said-benrahma-fails-west-ham-medical-25m-move-brentford
Said Benrahma has failed his West Ham medical after a deal was agreed with Brentford to take the forward across London, with new discussions now taking place to find common ground on a revised fee. A rip-roaring season in the Championship last term attracted plenty of interested suitors from the Premier League, with a departure from the Bees made more likely by the club's failure to secure promotion. Algerian winger Said Benrahma has failed his medical, placing his £25million move from Brentford to West Ham back in jeopardy. More: @MirrorFootball Crystal Palace and West Ham were the two clubs most heavily linked, but after a £25m deal was agreed with the Hammers, a move to the London Stadium appeared inevitable. 90min learned back in August that Arsenal were also keen on a deal. However, as per Darren Lewis, that transfer has hit a snag with it revealed that Benrahma failed his medical on Friday, putting the switch in 'jeopardy'. Work is now being done to negotiate a new fee after he failed his medical. Sami Mokbel states that Brentford are still keen to sell Benrahma, but they will have accept a less desirable financial package given the fitness of the forward. As it is, the deal is 'off', although there is still some time left to reach a conclusion.  A fee, in the region of £30m when accounting for add-ons, was agreed between the two parties, coming after 90min reported that the Hammers had lodged an opening offer of £17m. Discussions took place to reach an amicable solution, culminating in a mutual agreement that would see Benrahma undergo his medicals before the transfer deadline. It has been a very quiet window in east London, with defender Vladimir Coufal joining from Slavia Prague for just over £5m, alongside fellow countryman Tomas Soucek, who made his loan deal from the same club permanent for £15m.
