Football transfer rumours: PSG offer Mbappe €1bn contract; Kane decides future
Jul 21, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-psg-mbappe-contract-kane-decides-future-21-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have offered Kylian Mbappe a new ten-year contract worth a whopping €1bn - the most lucrative contract in sports - to try and convince him to stay at the club, but the Frenchman remains adamant he wants to leave for Real Madrid. (Defensa Central) He may not be the only departure from PSG as midfielder Marco Verratti has emerged as a target for Liverpool to replace Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. (Guardian) Harry Kane has decided he will not sign a new contract with Tottenham and could be open to a move to Bayern Munich. (Times) Kane will not force a move away from Tottenham this summer but will consider leaving if the club decides to accept a bid for his services. (ESPN) Barcelona have asked Juventus to include winger Federico Chiesa as part of any bid for midfielder Franck Kessie. (Tuttomercatoweb) Despite initially dismissing a move to Saudi Arabia, Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey remains a serious target for Al Ahli. (Mail) manual Manchester City will make a €120m bid for Inter midfielder Nicolo Barella if they find themselves needing to replace Bernardo Silva this summer. (Tuttomercatoweb) Negotiations between Victor Osimhen and Napoli over a new contract have slowed due to a dispute over a release clause. The striker, a target for Chelsea, Manchester United and PSG, wants a €120m clause but Napoli are pushing for closer to €200m. (Sky Italy) Moises Caicedo has directly informed Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi and some senior executives that he wants to leave the club this summer, with Chelsea pushing to land the midfielder's signature. (Ben Jacobs) On Chelsea's shortlist of Caicedo alternatives are Lyon's Rayan Cherki, Celta Vigo's Gabri Veiga and Southampton's Romeo Lavia. (Mail) Real Madrid are now exploring a possible move for Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic at the request of manager Carlo Ancelotti. (Sky Italy)
