Top 5 most expensive players to transfer out of MLS
Jan 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/top-5-most-expensive-players-to-transfer-out-of-mls
FC Dallas forward Ricardo Pepi is the latest Major League Soccer player to make headlines for a record-breaking transfer to a European team.  The talented youngster joined FC Augsburg for a whopping $20m, but he isn't the only one to have had a very expensive trade.   Here are Major League Soccer's most expensive outbound transfers in history... In the summer of 2008, Jozy Altidore made headlines with his move from the New York Red Bulls to Villarreal for a surprising $10m. While his time in Spain was short lived, making only 22 appearances for the Spanish side, Altidore went on to make his impact on European football. He recorded 70 Premier League matches with Hull City and Sunderland before finding his groove with Eredivisie side AZ Alkmaar, where he netted 51 goals. Altidore has since returned to MLS, joining Toronto FC in 2015. He has 79 goals in all competitions with the Canadian side, winning MLS Cup, an MLS Supporters' Shield and three Canadian Championships. Gonzalo Martinez stands in fourth after transferring to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr for a substantial $18m fee in the summer of 2020. The player first arrived at Atlanta United during his peak, coming to Major League Soccer as the reigning South American Player of the Year and a star for River Plate. He only managed to record seven goals and 11 assists in 39 appearances before being whisked away to a new club.  Ricardo Pepi makes the list after a surprise signing with FC Augsburg for a club-record transfer fee of $20m. Teams around Europe were interested in the youngster, with Wolfsburg and Wolves among those thought to be in the lead before Augsburg swooped in to make the deal. The now former FC Dallas player made sure to break records and rewrite history with the details of his trade before following his dreams in Europe. He shattered the norm for highest price paid for an American MLS player, a title Jozy Altidore previously held with his $10m move to Villarreal. 
