PSG lodge bid to rival Man Utd for Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund
Jul 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-bid-rival-man-utd-rasmus-hojlund
Paris Saint-Germain have submitted a bid worth £42.9m for Manchester United transfer target Rasmus Hojlund, 90min understands. United, who Erik ten Hag says are "working 24/7" to sign a striker, have settled on the 20-year-old Dane as their top target this summer and made a higher offer than PSG's on Wednesday, worth £51.4m inclusive of add-ons. Hojlund has already indicated to Atalanta that he wants the opportunity to join United, and that stance has been reaffirmed by his camp to the Red Devils - they are his first choice destination and he hopes a fee will be agreed. PSG's interest stems from their need to plan for life without Kylian Mbappe. The Frenchman is on the shopping list of Saudi Pro League moneybags Al Hilal, and they have even had a world record £259m offer accepted. The 24-year-old is not interested in negotiating terms though, and instead wants to join Real Madrid. Sources have confirmed to 90min that PSG's opening offer for Hojlund is a verbal one worth €50m in local currency, but it is unlikely to be accepted as Atalanta have already indicated that at least €70m will be requited to part ways this summer. feed Club officials have even publicly valued Hojlund at €100m, though there's a realisation that neither United or PSG, or any other club for that matter, would be prepared to pay that amount. It's also unclear whether or not PSG will look to further their interest in Hojlund if Atalanta knock their bid back, as they are also known to be pursuing Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos. Luis Enrique's first summer in the French capital has already been a busy one, with turnover high at PSG both in terms of incomings and outgoings. Milan Skriniar, Marco Asensio, Manuel Ugarte, Lee Kang-in and Lucas Hernandez are five high-profile players to have arrived at the club this summer, compensating for the exits of Lionel Messi and Sergio Ramos among others.
