Chelsea exploring options over Moises Caicedo & Andre Onana price concerns
Jun 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-exploring-options-moises-caicedo-andre-onana-price-concerns
Chelsea are exploring alternative targets to both Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo and Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana amid concerns over the price of the two players, 90min understands. The Blues are braced for another expensive transfer window but cannot afford to be as free-spending as they were during the first year of the Todd Boehly-Clearlake Capital ownership, which saw close to £600m shelled out on new players. Villarreal striker Nicolas Jackson is close to a £30m move to Stamford Bridge after being identified as a cheaper alternative to Napoli's Victor Osimhen, who is valued at over £100m. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea are now looking for cheaper alternatives to both Caicedo and Onana after growing concerned about the costs of striking both deals. Brighton are looking for close to £100m to sell Caicedo - a fee Chelsea are reluctant to meet - and so the likes of Southampton's Romeo Lavia and Inter's Nicolo Barella have been mentioned as possible targets. Chelsea are still keen on Caicedo, however, and will continue attempting to negotiate a lower fee. feed Similarly, Inter are standing firm on their asking price for Andre Onana, whose future has been linked to that of Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku as he eyes a permanent return to the Serie A side. With a deal proving complicated thus far, Chelsea are analysing their options in goal and have not yet ruled out beginning the season with Kepa Arrizabalaga as their starter. Among the options being considered are Valencia's Giorgi Mamardashvili and Brentford's David Raya, while AC Milan's Mike Maignan is an expensive target who could be outside of Chelsea's price range. While Chelsea are understood to be prepared to invest heavily in their squad this summer, there is an acceptance that player sales will play a significant part in defining their budget going forwards. Mateo Kovacic is on the cusp of joining Manchester City, while Kai Havertz and Mason Mount are wanted by Arsenal and Manchester United respectively. Edouard Mendy, Kalidou Koulibaly, Hakim Ziyech and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are all targets for Saudi Arabia. Chelsea are also looking to sell Romelu Lukaku, while Trevoh Chalobah, Cesar Azpilicueta, Conor Gallagher, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Christian Pulisic face uncertain futures.
