PSG 'absolutely furious' with Chelsea over Hakim Ziyech loan move collapse
Feb 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-absolutely-furious-with-chelsea-over-hakim-ziyech-loan-move-collapse
Paris Saint-Germain are 'absolutely furious' with Chelsea over the collapse of Hakim Ziyech's loan move, sources have told 90min. The 29-year-old had looked primed to join the Ligue 1 champions until the end of the season, and was in the French capital on Tuesday night ready to put the finishing touches to the deal. But a number of mistakes regarding the paperwork needed to complete the deal - mistakes that PSG have pointed the finger at Chelsea for - prevented Ziyech from sealing a move away from Stamford Bridge. PSG lodged an appeal to the Professional Football League (LFP)'s legal committee in a bid to push through the move, alleging Chelsea's failure to twice sign the documents had contributed to the third submission being sent through after the 11pm deadline. But the LFP refused to grant Ziyech's loan move on Wednesday morning after studying the evidence presented to them, leaving the player to return to Chelsea alongside a glut of new signings drafted in to replace him. Sources close to PSG have confirmed to 90min that the club are 'bouncing' and 'absolutely furious' at how Chelsea have conducted themselves, sensationally adding the Blues 'act like the biggest club in the world when buying players, shame they don't when it is a player moving the other way'. Listen now to Son of Chelsea, part of the 90min podcast network, as Daniel Childs reacts to the Blues finally seeing a British record move for Enzo Fernandez after weeks of speculation. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Chelsea spent the majority of the January transfer window splashing the cash on expensive signings, as Todd Boehly looks to reenergise Graham Potter's struggling side with an influx of new talent. A British record move for Benfica's Enzo Fernandez was finally signed off in the dying embers of the window, while significant amounts of money were also spent on Mykhailo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke and Malo Gusto earlier in January.
