PSV issue defiant message as Premier League interest grows in Noni Madueke
Jan 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psv-issue-defiant-message-premier-league-interest-grows-noni-madueke
PSV Eindhoven manager Ruud van Nistelrooy has vowed to put up a fight to keep winger Noni Madueke as a number of Premier League sides step up their interest in the 20-year-old England youth international. A product of the Crystal Palace and Tottenham academies, Madueke moved to Eindhoven in 2018 and has since racked up 20 goals and 14 assists in 79 games. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea have voiced an interest in signing Madueke this month but there are a number of Premier League sides who have been tracking the winger and could offer him a route back to England. Indeed, former employers Tottenham have monitored his development since leaving the club, while Crystal Palace, Everton, Leicester, Newcastle and West Ham have all voiced an interest in Madueke, who has just recovered from an ankle injury which kept him out for 18 games. Leeds United have also tracked Madueke but are expected to drop their interest after striking a club-record deal to sign Hoffenheim's Georginio Rutter. Madueke is under contract in Eindhoven until 2025 and 90min understands that, while PSV do not want to sell, they would listen to offers at around the €40m mark - similar to the fee that took Cody Gakpo to Liverpool earlier this window. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Chelsea’s hectic transfer strategy, which includes a loan move for Joao Felix and interest in Romeo Lavia and Marcus Thuram among others, Man Utd’s pursuit of Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, Leandro Trossard’s Brighton future and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast!  PSV boss Van Nistelrooy confirmed the interest in Madueke but vowed to do his best to keep hold of the winger.
