Football transfer rumours: Man Utd make Kane decision; Premier League duo eye Hakimi
Apr 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-make-kane-decision-premier-league-duo-eye-hakimi
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are prepared to walk away from their pursuit of Tottenham striker Harry Kane if the London club prove awkward to deal with. United do not want a lengthy transfer battle. (Daily Star) Also on Man Utd's wish list is Monaco right-back Vanderson, a long-time target of Erik ten Hag. (RMC Sport) AC Milan forward Rafael Leao has snubbed the chance to join either Chelsea or Real Madrid as he closes in on a new contract in Italy. (La Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona could sell Raphinha to help free up the money needed to re-sign Lionel Messi, with Arsenal, Tottenham and Newcastle all interested in the Brazil international. (AS) Liverpool are prepared to spend big on Inter midfielder Nicolo Barella who, despite his high price tag, is seen as a more financially viable signing than Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham. (Sport Mediaset) Indeed, a bid of around £75m could soon be sent from Liverpool to Inter for Barella. (FC Inter News) feed Liverpool will face competition from Newcastle this summer in their pursuit of Torino centre-back Perr Schuurs. (Calciomercato) Chelsea are monitoring Brentford goalkeeper David Raya and striker Ivan Toney ahead of a possible summer swoop for the duo. (football.london) Also on Chelsea's radar is Paris Saint-Germain right-back Achraf Hakimi. The Moroccan could be sold to spark a squad rebuild, with Manchester United also interested in his services. (TEAMtalk) RB Leipzig will be forced to accept a lower bid for centre-back Josko Gvardiol, who is pushing for a move away from the club. Manchester City are leading the chase. (Sport Bild) Barcelona and Real Madrid will go head-to-head to sign 16-year-old Vasco da Gama winger Rayan. (Fichajes)
