Xavi admits Ousmane Dembele disappointment ahead of Barcelona exit
Aug 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/xavi-admits-ousmane-dembele-disappointment-barcelona-exit
Manager Xavi has confirmed Ousmane Dembele has requested to leave Barcelona after agreeing personal terms with Paris Saint-Germain. France international Dembele became one of the most expensive players ever when Barca paid Borussia Dortmund an initial £97m in 2017, with add-ons potentially taking the deal up to £135.5m. Dembele suffered consistent injury issues in his first few years at Camp Nou but returned to form last term, contributing five goals and seven assists in 25 La Liga games. However, his six-season stay in Catalonia is expected to end soon. 90min reported earlier this week Dembele has agreed personal terms to join PSG on a five-year deal, with the Ligue 1 holders also in talks with Barca over a fee to sign the France international.  Following Barcelona's 1-0 pre-season win over AC Milan, Xavi confirmed to Relevo Dembele's desire to leave and admitted he is not happy with how the situation has played out. The former Spain midfielder said: "I will be very clear, he has told us he wants to leave, he has a proposal from PSG and we can't do anything. "It leaves a bitter taste in my mouth because we have taken care of him so that he is happy here. A little disappointed, yes I am." feed Barca have been in talks with the forward over a new deal, however Xavi has revealed the club could not financially compete with the contract offer tabled by PSG. He added: "We cannot compete with the proposal that they've made to him, it's out of our reach. "It's simple. He came to me with a proposal from PSG. Said that he wanted to leave, that he had spoken with Luis Enrique, with Nasser and has a proposal with which we cannot compete. We have asked him the reason and he has not been able to answer. I sense that it will be something personal. Disappointed? Yes. The important thing is that he has been clear. I wish him luck. "He looked so happy to me, I did not expect it. That is the market. Whoever doesn't want to be at Barca, you have to let him go."
