Man Utd football director John Murtough in Turin as Adrien Rabiot talks continue
Aug 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-football-director-john-murtough-in-turin-as-adrien-rabiot-talks-continue
Manchester United football director John Murtough has travelled to Turin as the club continues to pursue a deal for Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot. United were revealed to be considering a move for Rabiot following last Sunday’s shock Premier League defeat at home to Brighton. The Frenchman has been told he can leave Juventus and had been of interest to Monaco. But intermediaries also spoke to United and talks later advanced. Negotiations over personal terms with Rabiot’s agent and mother, Veronique, have been taking place in recent days. Murtough was filmed in the city on Friday afternoon. 🚨 #MUFC football director John Murtough is in Turin as the club continue their pursuit of Adrien Rabiot. 🛬🇮🇹 pic.twitter.com/yeK7cCs0NB United still haven’t given up hope of also signing Frenkie de Jong and the pursuit of Rabiot is not thought to be linked to whether or not United can prise the Dutchman away from Barcelona. The Old Trafford club have already agreed an €85m fee with Barcelona for De Jong but have encountered difficulties over around £17m in deferred wages still owed to the player. Chelsea have also emerged on the scene as a rival suitor for De Jong and 90min understands they are close to agreeing their own deal with Barcelona. However, the Blues don’t intend to launch a formal bid until they know whether De Jong would accept the offer to join them. Chelsea are prepared to cover the cost of De Jong’s deferred wages, whereas United were hoping that Barcelona compromise or the player’s camp waive the remainder. United haven’t given up and are still confident De Jong will sign if the issues are resolved. Listen now to 90min's Manchester United podcast, The Promised Land, with Scott Saunders& Rob Blanchette. In the latest edition they discuss the latest transfer news, including Marcus Rashford's future, the links to Cody Gakpo, Antony, Sasa Kalajdzic & Adrien Rabiot. United manager Erik ten Hag spoke this week about the importance of assessing the character of transfer targets and impact they could have on the rest of the squad.
