Chelsea Closing on Ben Chilwell Signing After Breakthrough in Negotiations
Aug 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-closing-ben-chilwell-leicester-transfer
Chelsea are said to be 'closing in' on the signing of Leicester City left-back Ben Chilwell following a breakthrough in the negotiations regarding a transfer fee.  The Blues have already brought in Timo Werner this summer, while Hakim Ziyech also signed back in February. But the former Premier League winners don't appear to be anywhere near done as Frank Lampard looks to build a squad capable of challenging for league titles.  Lampard is on the lookout for defensive reinforcements, notably a left-back, after a season in which they conceded 54 goals in just 38 Premier League games.  90??? ?????????: Man City haven't given up hope yet of signing Ben Chilwell... Leicester's Chilwell has long been mentioned as one of Lampard's top targets this summer, but 90min learned back in June that they will face competition from Manchester City for his signature. Any potential move wouldn't come cheap either, as the Foxes are holding out for close to a world record fee for a defender - hence why the Blues have been linked with a number of cheaper alternatives since talk of a move first began.  But The Times now report that Chelsea have reached a 'breakthrough' in the negotiations with Leicester over the transfer fee for Chilwell and are now closing in on his signature. The report claims that the fee 'could' be a world record for a left-back, potentially eclipsing the £68m Bayern Munich paid for Lucas Hernandez's services last year.  It is noted the Foxes have alluded to the fact that Chelsea haven't exactly held back in the transfer market so far this summer despite the coronavirus pandemic. Despite having brought in Ziyech and Werner already, they are chasing Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz and Lampard is also keen on landing a new goalkeeper this summer as well.  As a result, this has allowed Leicester to demand a higher price as they are fully aware the Blues aren't struggling financially. 
