Tottenham Renew Interest in Highly-Rated Lille Goalkeeper Mike Maignan
Jul 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-renew-interest-in-highly-rated-lille-goalkeeper-mike-maignan
Tottenham Hotspur have renewed their interest in Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan, as they look for a long-term replacement for captain Hugo Lloris.  Maignan has made 132 appearances for Lille since his 2015 arrival, establishing himself as the club's first-choice goalkeeper during the 2017/18 season - when he ousted Nigerian stopper Vincent Enyeama from the side. But his time in his homeland could be limited, with French publication Le10 Sport resurfacing links between the former PSG youth product and Tottenham. The report claims that he could now be available for as little as £16m; a figure that has undoubtedly been reduced because of the impact on club finances imposed by the global coronavirus pandemic. Maignan, who has been called up to the French national team, enjoyed an impressive 2019/20 season for Les Dogues, conceding just 27 goals in 28 league games. That's a tally that was bettered only by Paris Saint-Germain, Stade Rennais, and Stade de Reims, with his performances helping Lille finish fourth in the curtailed Ligue 1 season. Current Tottenham goalkeeper Lloris, who turned 33 in December, still has two years remaining on his contract, but the World Cup winning captain has missed large parts of the season following a nasty elbow injury suffered in the 3-0 defeat to Brighton back in October. Paulo Gazzaniga deputised for Lloris during that time, but it's felt that an upgrade would be required to replace the former Lyon goalkeeper on a permanent basis. Jose Mourinho's assistant Joao Sacramento could play a role in coaxing Maignan to north London, as he previously worked with the goalkeeper for two years - between 2017 and 2019 - at Lille. But signing Maignan won't be straight forward for Tottenham, amid strong competition from Premier League rivals Chelsea. The Blues are also taking an interest in Lille's number one, as current incumbent Kepa Arrizabalaga's woes continue.
