Man Utd not ruling out move to re-sign Memphis Depay
Aug 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-not-ruling-out-move-re-sign-memphis-depay
Manchester United have not ruled out making a move for former player Memphis Depay before the transfer window closes, 90min has learned. Memphis, who left United in 2017 after an underwhelming two year spell at Old Trafford, is now 28 and had been close to joining Juventus had he been able to negotiate a free transfer out of current club Barcelona. That has failed to materialise, though Barcelona have been looking to offload a number of players to trim their squad and wage bill. As it stands, Barcelona are set to sell Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Chelsea, and while Memphis could also still leave the Gabonese's departure may allow a clearer pathway to more playing time if he stays with Barcelona. 90min reported in mid-August that manager Erik ten Hag wanted five players to arrive at the club before September 1 in order to bolster his options for the season ahead, with the capture of Casemiro from Real Madrid confirmed earlier this week. The Brazilian is slated to fill the position in defensive midfield - a problem area for United over a number of years. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's potential move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The club have been looking at an additional central midfield option, along with a right back, wide forward and alternative striking option too - Memphis is seen as an option for the latter and United have not ruled out the move at the moment. It's assumed much would depend on the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, who has made no secret of his desire to leave United over the summer following their failure to qualify for the Champions League. Agent Jorge Mendes has approached a number of clubs over the possibility of signing Ronaldo. United have also been pursuing Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong for the duration of the summer, and interest is still retained in the Dutchman even after the Casemiro signing. The club are however set to commit significant funds to the signing of now-priority signing Antony, a left-footed right winger from Ten Hag's former club Ajax.
