Barcelona transfer rumours: Messi influenced Amrabat snub; De Jong sale considered 
Jun 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-transfer-rumours-messi-influenced-amrabat-snub-de-jong-sale-considered-27-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest Barcelona transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona were ready to pursue a deal for Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat, but only in the event that they re-signed Lionel Messi as they wanted a player who was capable of covering extra ground and pressing aggressively. The Argentine instead opted to join Inter Miami, leading Barça to stepping up their efforts to bring in Ilkay Gundogan as their marquee midfield signing instead. (SPORT) Inter midfielder Marcelo Brozovic is continuing to resist moves to Saudi Pro League outfit Al-Nassr, with Barcelona still hopeful of swooping in to sign the Croatian. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona could again look to sell midfielder Frenkie de Jong in a bid to raise funds for incoming transfers. (Achraf Ben Ayad) Villarreal midfielder Dani Parejo could join Barcelona for free this summer due to a particular release clause in his contract. Parejo is happy at Villarreal and would like to see more commitment from Barça if they pursue a deal. (Relevo) feed Clement Lenglet has agreed terms on a three-year contract with Tottenham, who remain in discussions with Barcelona over a fee. The France international spent last season on loan at Spurs. (SPORT) Barcelona are disappointed in Ansu Fati and Ferran Torres for not considering moves away from the club this summer. Fati was heavily tipped to have been used in a possible deal to sign Ruben Neves from Wolves before he joined Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal, while Torres has been linked with Arsenal and Aston Villa. (AS) Barcelona are unlikely to finalise the signing of Vitor Roque in time for the start of the 2023/24 season due to registration issues, but are confident of bringing him to Catalonia either in January or next summer. (SPORT) The father of Barcelona target Arda Guler would demand a commission of up to €20m if the Fenerbahce starlet changes clubs this window. (SPORT)
