Jurgen Klopp explains Liverpool's stance on further January transfers
Jan 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/jurgen-klopp-explains-liverpool-stance-further-january-transfers
Jurgen Klopp has confessed he does not expect Liverpool to do any further business in the January transfer window. The Reds moved quickly to land Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven, striking a deal before the window was even open to bring the in-demand Dutchman to Anfield for an initial £37m. With Virgil van Dijk expected to miss over a month and Liverpool also struggling with injuries to no fewer than four forwards, some fans have called for the Reds to splash the cash this month to aid their push for the Premier League top four. However, Klopp was typically dismissive of the idea of conducting more business, reiterating that his job is to work with the current crop of players available to him. "I've had 6,000 press conferences at Liverpool, I have to tell you again the money story?" Klopp laughed. "Why could it be the reason we have money like crazy and we still don't buy players? You know the answer. "It's not that we have so much money we don't know what to do with, but we think we don't need anyone." He added: "I don't think [there will be more signings]. I talk about it because you ask but my job is to use the boys we have. No problem. I like the teams who line up. “You cannot solve all your problems in the transfer window. In a dreamland, you would just buy players and bring them in - but I don’t see that happening. Injuries is the big shadow over all of us.” Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Chelsea’s hectic transfer strategy, which includes a loan move for Joao Felix and interest in Romeo Lavia and Marcus Thuram among others, Man Utd’s pursuit of Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, Leandro Trossard’s Brighton future and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! 
