Edwin van der Sar Confirms Man Utd Interest in Ajax's Donny van de Beek
Jun 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/edwin-van-der-sar-confirms-man-utd-interest-in-ajax-s-donny-van-de-beek
Ajax chief executive Edwin van der Sar has confirmed that Manchester United are interested in striking a deal to sign midfielder Donny van de Beek this summer. A report from the Netherlands emerged on Saturday claiming that United had reached out to Ajax over a deal for Van de Beek after seeing Real Madrid hesitate to finalise their pre-agreed £45m move for the Dutchman. Speaking to NOS, Van der Sar confessed that the two sides have both made contact about a potential transfer, but he warned his former side that they should not expect to negotiate a discount just because of the coronavirus outbreak. "It’s clear that clubs like Real Madrid and United are showing interest in Donny van de Beek," he revealed. "In a crisis, some clubs are always taken advantage of, clubs that are in trouble and may have to sell for a lower amount. But I think we are fortunate to have had a strong financial policy. That means we don't necessarily have to sell."  The Sunday Times had claimed that United would look to drive the price down to closer to the £36m mark, but it seems as though Van der Sar is ready to stand his ground. "Changing the price tag of our players? I don’t see this changing," he said. "It’s not like we are putting everyone up for sale now. We know that our players are ambitious and they want to take the next step to a greater league, but only to the conditions Ajax ask for." Van der Sar also refused to be drawn on speculation that Real had already agreed a deal to sign Van de Beek, but he did reveal that he promised both Van de Beek and Hakim Ziyech that they would be allowed to leave this summer. "I am not answering that (whether Van de Beek had a deal with Real Madrid)," he said. "After last year’s special Champions League year, there was already interest for Hakim and for Donny. Back then we told these players: this year, not yet, next year there will be a new chance."
