Willian Pens Emotional Goodbye to Chelsea Fans as Arsenal Move Looms
Aug 9, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/willian-pens-emotional-goodbye-instagram-chelsea-fans-arsenal-move-transfer
Willian has penned an emotional goodbye letter to the Chelsea fans as he edges closer to a move to Arsenal.  The Brazilian's contact expired at the end of the season and he turned down several chances to remain at Stamford Bridge as he wanted a three-year deal - something the Blues were unwilling to offer.  The Gunners have offered him a contract till 2023 however and Willian said a fond farewell to the Chelsea faithful via an 'open letter' posted on his Instagram.  AN OPEN LETTER TO THE FANS OF CHELSEA FOOTBALL CLUB  . . They were seven wonderful years. In August 2013 when I received the offer from Chelsea, I was convinced that this was where I had to play. Today I am certain that it was the best of decisions. There were so many happy times, some sad, there were trophies and it was always very intense.  . . Yet, beyond the trophies, I learnt a lot about myself. I developed a great deal, becoming a better player and a better person. With each training session, with each game, with every minute spent in the dressing room, I was always learning.  . . I am really grateful to the Chelsea fans for the affectionate way they welcomed me at Stamford Bridge and their support throughout my time at the club. There was also criticism, which is normal, what is important though is that both the affection and criticism drove me to always give my all in every training session, every game, to be constantly improving until my very last minute in a Chelsea shirt!  . . The time has now come to move on. I am certainly going to miss my teammates. I will miss all the staff at the club who’ve always treated me like a son and I will miss the fans. I leave with my head held high, safe in the knowledge that I won things here and always did my best in a Chelsea shirt!  . . My heartfelt thanks go out to all of you and God bless you!  . Willian Borges da Silva A post shared by  Willian Borges Da Silva (@willianborges88) on Aug 9, 2020 at 6:06am PDT "They were seven wonderful years. In August 2013 when I received the offer from Chelsea, I was convinced that this was where I had to play. Today I am certain that it was the best of decisions," he began. "There were so many happy times, some sad, there were trophies and it was always very intense...Yet, beyond the trophies, I learnt a lot about myself. I developed a great deal, becoming a better player and a better person." Willian departs Chelsea as a two time Premier League champion and he also won an FA Cup, EFL Cup and Europa League during a six-year stay. "With each training session, with each game, with every minute spent in the dressing room, I was always learning...I am really grateful to the Chelsea fans for the affectionate way they welcomed me at Stamford Bridge and their support throughout my time at the club," he added. "There was also criticism, which is normal, what is important though is that both the affection and criticism drove me to always give my all in every training session, every game, to be constantly improving until my very last minute in a Chelsea shirt!..
