Bayern Munich chief hints at hesitance over Harry Kane transfer battle
Apr 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-chief-hints-hesitance-harry-kane-transfer-battle
Bayern Munich's chief financial officer has suggested the Bundesliga giants will not be drawn into a transfer battle over Tottenham striker Harry Kane. Spurs are desperate to convince Kane to sign a new contract - his current deal expires in 2024 - despite another season of failing to appease his desire to contend for major silverware, and both Bayern and Manchester United are interested in signing the England international. Should Kane decline to extend, Spurs may be forced to consider a sale and 90min understands that chairman Daniel Levy will do whatever he can to ensure Kane does not join United or any other Premier League rival. However, while a sale to Bayern may be preferable, the German side may struggle to meet Spurs' demands. Sources have confirmed that Kane, with his expiring contract, is valued in Munich at closer to the €50m for which Bayern sold Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona last summer, while Spurs would be looking for double that figure at least. Bayern's transfer record stands at €80m - the fee paid for both Lucas Hernandez and Matthijs de Ligt - and club officials have openly questioned whether that amount will ever be exceeded. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Chief financial officer Dr Michael Diederich is the latest to conceed that a €100m transfer may be too much for Bayern. “I don’t rule anything out but can we afford such a transfer and do we want such a transfer?" Diederich said. “We have to keep an eye on our profitability.” Bayern remain keen to sign a new striker this summer and will target Kane, while new manager Thomas Tuchel is eyeing a reunion with long-term Bayern target Kai Havertz, who could leave Chelsea in the summer. United will also force their way into the conversation for Kane but have been looking at plenty of potential alternatives, including Napoli's Victor Osimhen. LISTEN NOW
