Arsenal reject £30m Monaco bid for Folarin Balogun
Aug 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-reject-30m-monaco-bid-folarin-balogun
Arsenal have rejected a £30m bid from Ligue 1 side Monaco for Folarin Balogun, sources have confirmed to 90min. Balogun returned to the Gunners during the summer after a successful loan spell with Reims in which the forward managed a stunning 21 goals in Ligue 1 for the mid-table team. Despite expectations being high among Gunners fans upon his return to the Emirates, the striker barely featured during a pre-season riddled with injury concerns. Even without a dismal pre-season with Arsenal, Balogun has long been expected to leave the club once again this summer but this time permanently - the player himself stated in June that he "definitely" would not go out on loan again. The USMNT international has also consistently rejected the opportunity to enter talks over a new contract at the Emirates Stadium due to the lack of guarantees of game time.  90min reported in July that this resistance to signing a new deal, and unwillingness to go out on loan, has led to Arsenal slapping a £50m price tag on the striker. feed Crystal Palace, West Ham United, Brentford, Fulham and UEFA Champions League finalists Inter have all been in contact regarding the player's services, but sources have now confirmed to 90min that Monaco are the first to table an offer.  The Ligue 1 club have made an opening bid of £30m which has been swiftly reject by the Gunners, who are holding firm on their £50m price tag.  Monaco have stepped up their efforts to sign a new striker following Breel Embolo's ACL injury during a pre-season game. The ailment will see the Swiss forward miss the bulk of the 2023/24 campaign, making the signing of a new starting calibre striker a priority for the principality club.  Along with Balogun, 90min understands that Gift Orban of Gent and reported Chelsea and West Ham target Elye Wahi have also been shortlisted by Monaco. Both forwards have recently held talks with representatives of Tottenham Hotspur.
