Carlo Ancelotti responds to Real Madrid Marco Asensio exit rumours
May 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/carlo-ancelotti-responds-real-madrid-marco-asensio-exit-rumours
Carlo Ancelotti has admitted that he'll be disappointed if Marco Asensio leaves Real Madrid on a free transfer this summer. The 27-year-old's contract at the Santiago Bernabeu expires at the end of June and he is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal. Intermediaries and representatives of Asensio have been sounding out Europe's biggest clubs for a number of months over a potential move, and recent speculation has suggested that Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain are in advanced talks. Asensio played no part in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Sevilla on Saturday night, earned by a brace from Brazilian forward Rodrygo, but Ancelotti was asked after the game about his position on Asensio and whether or not there was an update on his next steps. "I don’t know anything about Asensio, just like I don’t know about others like Nacho. It’ll all be clarified in the coming weeks," the Italian confirmed. "I would be sad if they left because they have been and are important players for us. Whatever they decide, we’ll plan accordingly." feed Real Madrid have put forward a new contract offer to Asensio but even though his preference has been to remain in the Spanish capital, there have been ongoing concerns about his lack of minutes. Indeed, just 13 of Asensio's 30 La Liga appearances have come as a starter, while he featured even less in the club's run to the Champions League semi-finals. He has still managed to contribute nine goals in La Liga and 12 in all competitions - matching his career-best tally from the 2021/22 season.  Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City are among a string of Premier League clubs to have shown interest in Asensio's situation, in addition to Bayern Munich, Juventus and Marseille from the continent. Asensio's final appearance for Real Madrid - if he does decide to leave for pastures new - could come against Athletic Club when the La Liga season concludes on 4 June.
