Man City rule out Julian Alvarez departure despite Bayern Munich interest
Jul 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-rule-out-julian-alvarez-departure-despite-bayern-munich-interest
Manchester City officials have laughed off suggestions they could be willing to part ways with striker Julian Alvarez this summer, 90min understands. Bayern Munich have voiced an interest in Alvarez, who had the unenviable task of being backup to Erling Haaland at the Etihad Stadium last season. 23-year-old Alvarez, who is also seen as one of the game's top young strikers, bagged 17 goals in 49 appearances in his debut season in Manchester, but fewer than half of those outings came as a starter and several teams have been tipped to offer the Argentina international more regular football. However, sources have confirmed to 90min that City are delighted with Alvarez's impact and are not entertaining losing him this summer, either permanently or temporarily, while the World Cup winner is also understood to be happy at the club. Alvarez's feelings towards his situation at City were made clear in March, when he signed a new five-year contract, and there remains a mutual desire to continue working together at the Etihad. feed City are braced for the possible departures of both Bernardo Silva and Riyad Mahrez this summer. The former is wanted by both Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain, while the latter is of significant interest in Saudi Arabia. Amid concerns about a potential shake-up of their forward line, City are not prepared to part ways with Alvarez and sources have stressed to 90min that this stance was taken well before interest in Silva and Mahrez emerged. Bayern Munich have been made well aware that there is no chance of signing Alvarez this summer and, with a move for Tottenham's Harry Kane also a non-starter, the German champions have begun searching elsewhere. Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic, who has been mentioned in talks with Chelsea, if of interest to Bayern alongside Eintracht Frankfurt's Randal Kolo Muani.
