Man City express interest in Joshua Kimmich
May 26, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-express-interest-in-joshua-kimmich
Manchester City are interested in signing Joshua Kimmich from Bayern Munich and are prepared to use Joao Cancelo as a makeweight in the deal, sources have told 90min. 90min reported last week that the midfielder was considering his future at the Allianz Arena and a number of elite European sides had been made aware that he may be looking for a new challenge. Kimmich's situation has now notably drawn the attention of Man City, who are in the market for a midfielder - prime target Jude Bellingham is set to join Real Madrid instead, while Bernardo Silva out-of-contract Ilkay Gundogan could leave the club this summer. 90min understands that Man City believe Kimmich, who has previously worked under Pep Guardiola, would be capable of slotting seamlessly into their midfield and they have outlined a deal which could see Cancelo join Bayern on a permanent transfer. The versatile full-back surprisingly left the Etihad Stadium for the Bundesliga at the back-end of the January transfer window, but struggled to initially make an impact under Julian Nagelsmann. However, since Thomas Tuchel became the new head coach, Cancelo has had more of a starring role and the 49-year-old wants to keep him in Bavaria. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Bayern were drawn against Man City in the quarter-finals of this season's Champions League and Cancelo was roundly booed after coming off the bench at the Etihad. While Bayern's stance initially was to not even consider any approach for Kimmich, it remains to be seen whether Man City's strong interest will change their stance in any way. Man City have wrapped up the Premier League title and have their eyes on the treble, with rivals Man Utd to come in the FA Cup final before a showdown with Inter in the Champions League final. Bayern, however, will need to beat Koln and hope Borussia Dortmund are beaten by Mainz to win an 11th-straight Bundesliga after losing control of the title race last week. LISTEN NOW
