Football transfer rumours: Arsenal's top midfield target; Chelsea contact Mourinho
Apr 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-arsenal-midfield-target-chelsea-mourinho-7-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Declan Rice is top of Arsenal's shortlist for a new midfielder this summer after the Gunners backed away from a deal to sign Youri Tielemans. (Football.London) Manchester United have been locked in talks with Bayer Leverkusen for a while now over the potential £44m signing of right-back Jeremie Frimpong. (BILD) However, Barcelona and Bayern Munich have also since met with Frimpong's agent regarding a summer transfer. (Fabrizio Romano) Likely to make a permanent switch from Bayern Munich to Manchester United is Marcel Sabitzer, who is open to joining the Red Devils following his loan. (Sky Sports Germany) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Liverpool and Tottenham are ready to try and poach Morocco World Cup star Nayef Aguerd from West Ham, who are in serious danger of relegation. (Jeunes Footeux) Chelsea have held talks with the representatives of Valencia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili with the Blues on the lookout for a new stopper. (COPE) However, Chelsea are set to miss out on a long-term target, with Rafael Leao in agreement with AC Milan over the terms of a new contract. (Relevo) Barcelona would be interested in signing Joao Cancelo on loan from Manchester City this summer once his current agreement with Bayern Munich ends. (SPORT) Leicester midfielder James Maddison is more likely to join Tottenham than Manchester City or Newcastle this summer. (Sky Sports) Manchester City are also interested in long-term Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni, with his current club Inter desperate to tie him down to a new contract. (Calciomercato) Arsenal could offer €30m to sign Brahim Diaz from Real Madrid when his loan from AC Milan expires this summer. (Sport Mediaset) Chelsea have touched base with former manager Jose Mourinho over a sensational return to the club this summer. (Relevo) Mourinho has a two-year £105m offer on the table from a club in Saudi Arabia as well. (Corriere dello Sport) West Ham will not sack manager David Moyes prior to Saturday's trip to Fulham. (Sky Sports) LISTEN NOW
