Wilfried Zaha: Champions League clubs eyeing free transfer amid contract standoff
Oct 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/wilfried-zaha-champions-league-clubs-eyeing-free-transfer-amid-contract-standoff
Wilfried Zaha is assessing his future options with less than a year left on his contract with Crystal Palace and is the subject of heavy interest from several of Europe's top sides, 90min understands. The winger is sure to go down in history as one of the Eagles' best ever - if not the best - players, but he could leave Selhurst Park for the second time in his career in the near future. Following a disappointing spell at Manchester United - making just four appearances for the Red Devils after joining in 2013 - Zaha made his initial loan return to Palace permanent in 2015 and has since played a huge role in keeping them afloat in the Premier League. Now in the final year of his deal, Palace would ideally like Zaha to stay, but 90min understands that the contract offer on the table has been largely unchanged since first proposed two years ago. Zaha's dream is to play Champions League football and plenty of the competition's regular participants would be interested in signing him on a free transfer come the end of the season. Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's Man Utd future, interest in Naby Keita and a decision looming for Harry Kane. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! 90min reported in August that Chelsea were keen on signing Zaha before the end of the summer transfer window, and though a move never materialised, the Blues remain interested in his services. Arsenal are being kept informed of Zaha's situation with Mikel Arteta believed to be an admirer of his, while Liverpool are also aware of his contract standoff with Palace and are among several other sides who could make a move later down the line.
