Football transfer rumours: Man Utd target Ward-Prowse; Chelsea consider Conte
Apr 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-ward-prowse-chelsea-conte-6-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United will look to bring in Southampton's James Ward-Prowse this summer with Erik ten Hag desperate to bolster his midfield ranks. (Football Insider) Inter Miami's contract offer to Lionel Messi will give him the option to take up an equity stake in the MLS club. Barcelona have been linked with a reunion while talks with PSG rumble on slowly. (The Independent) Arsenal are looking to strengthen in the middle of the park, and as such have opened talks to sign Barcelona and Newcastle target Youri Tielemans from Leicester. (Football Insider) Another midfielder expected to leave Leicester is James Maddison, who would be available for £50m. Tottenham have moved to the front of the queue to sign the England international, who has previously been linked with Manchester City and Newcastle. (Daily Telegraph) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Real Madrid could sanction the permanent sale of Brahim Diaz this summer once his loan at AC Milan expires, with Arsenal interested in the playmaker. Mikel Arteta previously worked with Diaz at Manchester City. (Sport Mediaset) Chelsea will attempt to sign Goncalo Ramos from Benfica to try and help solve their striker woes, with the Portuguese giants expecte to demand a fee of at least £70m. (Football Insider) Atletico Madrid have joined the race to sign Naby Keita on a free transfer from Liverpool this summer. (Fichajes) While Frank Lampard will take interim charge of Chelsea, the Blues could make a sensational swoop to bring in another ex-manager, Antonio Conte, as their new permanent manager. (The Independent) Another new contender to take over at Stamford Bridge is former Liverpool and Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso, who is working wonders at Bayer Leverkusen. (Guardian) Arsenal will target Brighton's Roberto De Zerbi in the event that Mikel Arteta leaves to join Real Madrid. (Daily Mirror) Tottenham could have to pay more than €5m in order to buy Feyenoord manager Arne Slot out of his contract. (De Telegraaf) LISTEN NOW
