Football transfer rumours: Messi makes Barcelona decision; Man Utd lead Kane race
Apr 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-messi-barcelona-decision-man-utd-lead-kane-race-14-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Lionel Messi has personally confirmed to Barcelona manager Xavi that he wants to return to Camp Nou at the end of the season and he is prepared to walk away from Paris Saint-Germain. (Catalunya Radio) Chelsea have already triggered their one-year extension clause in Enzo Fernandez's contract, tying him to the Stamford Bridge outfit until 2032. (Cesar Luis Merlo) With Chelsea needing to sell players this summer, Real Madrid are preparing a fresh approach for right-back Reece James. (Daily Mail) Al Nassr are targeting Zinedine Zidane in their search for a new manager, with Cristiano Ronaldo personally involved in talks with the Frenchman. Jose Mourinho is also under consideration. (CBS Sports) Real Madrid and Liverpool have been warned that they will have to pay around €60m to sign Nice midfielder Khephren Thuram this summer. (Foot Mercato) Manchester United are leading the race to sign Harry Kane from Tottenham at the end of the season, with the striker keen to stay in the Premier League and break the all-time goalscoring record. (Mirror) But Bayern Munich are also in the chase for Kane and they are prepared to lodge a 'persuasive offer' for the striker. (Independent) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier, a target for Chelsea, wants to leave Elland Road this summer even if they avoid relegation from the Premier League. (Football Insider) Despite interest from Bayern Munich, Manchester United and Tottenham, Ansu Fati has made it clear he wants to stay with Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester City and Chelsea both recently sent scouts to watch Monaco centre-back Axel Disasi. (Le Parisien) Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby is wanted by Arsenal, Newcastle and PSG this summer. (SportBILD) PSG have already spoken with Diaby's entourage as they look to bring the 23-year-old back to the club. (Foot Mercato) LISTEN NOW
