Brentford confirm signing of Keane Lewis-Potter on six-year deal
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/brentford-confirm-signing-of-keane-lewis-potter-on-six-year-deal
Brentford have confirmed the signing of England Under-21 international Keane Lewis-Potter on a six-year deal.  The 21-year-old joins Brentford following a fantastic season at Hull City in which he scored 12 Championship goals and won the club's player of the year award. The Bees have seen off interest from West Ham - who had been keen to take him to London Stadium - to get the deal done, with a statement on his arrival reading: "We are delighted to announce the signing of Keane Lewis-Potter. "The 21-year-old attacker joins us from Sky Bet Championship side Hull City for an undisclosed fee. He [Lewis-Potter] has signed a six-year contract and there is a club option for an extra year. "Keane completed a medical late yesterday, Monday 11 July, and will link up with the group in Germany on a pre-season training camp shortly." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! 90min understands that the undisclosed fee is worth £20m - with £16m of that fee set to be paid up front by the Premier League club.  Thomas Frank expressed his delight at the signing, stating: “I am pleased that we have managed to sign one of the biggest young talents in the Championship. He had a very good season last year. He scored 13 goals and contributed four assists in a team that were fighting a little bit towards the bottom of the league. Those are impressive numbers.
