FC Dallas complete club-record signing of Alan Velasco from Independiente
Feb 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/fc-dallas-complete-club-record-signing-of-alan-velasco-from-independiente
FC Dallas have completed the signing of Argentine winger Alan Velasco from Independiente as a Young Designated Player. The fee paid for the 19-year-old hasn't been disclosed but is believed to be in the $7m region, smashing the record for any of the club's previous incoming transfers. "Alan Velasco is an incredibly special talent,” FC Dallas president Dan Hunt said in a press release. “You don't often get a chance to bring a young player that's at the top of the league. He's incredibly dynamic, he beats people off the dribble. He's a great passer and the creative way he approaches the game is special and unique. It will be really exciting to see him in Major League Soccer with his ability and style of play.” Despite still being a teenager, Velasco joins with 71 senior appearances under his belt for Independiente, notching 10 goals and 10 assists during that time. At international level, he's capped five times for Argentina at Under-17 level with one goal and one assist, helping Albicelestes win the 2019 Under-17 South American Championship. “Alan is a fantastic player with a lot of talent,” head coach Nico Estévez told the FC Dallas website. “He wants to improve and likes the idea of coming here to do that. He feels that this is the right place to become an even better player. He gives us creativity in 1-v-1 situations and an element of unpredictability. He’ll make the fans enjoy the game with one excellent play. "But he’s also a hard worker, he wants to improve and wants to help the team. He’s very mature for his age and I think he’s the right fit for our style of play. I think the fans will love the way he plays and I believe he’ll make a big impact in this league.” When we said "New Era" we meant it.We have signed winger @alanvelasco10ok as a Young Designated Player for a club record fee from @Independiente.
