Man Utd plan Lisandro Martinez medical ahead of €55m transfer
Jul 14, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-plan-lisandro-martinez-medical-ahead-of-55m-transfer
Manchester United are close to signing Lisandro Martinez and are planning for the player to undergo a medical ahead of his arrival from Ajax, 90min understands. The deal is understood to be worth in the region of €55m - €50m guaranteed with €5m in add-ons - and the club hope to have the Argentinian international join the pre-season touring party in Australia over the weekend. Finishing touches are now being put on the deal and Martinez should become the club's second signing of the summer. Former United player and Ajax CEO Edwin van der Sar is understood to have made it clear to the rest of the board to come to an agreement at €55m - they were holding out for closer to €60m - after the player confirmed he wants to move to Old Trafford. Martinez is understood to have rejected Arsenal in favour of United. Martinez trained on his own on Thursday morning with Ajax keen to ensure he remains injury-free before the move. United also hope to have Danish international Christian Eriksen join the squad down under upon completion of his medical examinations, which are understood to have been extensive. United have agreed a three-year deal to sign Eriksen on a free transfer, with his earnings set to come in the region of £150,000 a week - with bonuses included on top of that. A deal remains stalled for top target Frenkie de Jong, with the deferral of wages issue still not sorted out between the player's agents and Barcelona. The club owe De Jong as much as £17m in wages after he agreed to a pay cut to support the club during the pandemic, as well as an increased annual figure through until 2026. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony and Serge Gnabry, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
