Chelsea agree fee with Brighton over Robert Sanchez
Aug 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-agree-fee-brighton-robert-sanchez
Chelsea are closing in on the signing of goalkeeper Robert Sanchez from Brighton, 90min understands. The Blues sold Edouard Mendy to Al Ahli earlier this summer and have been on the hunt for more experienced competition for Kepa Arrizabalaga, and club officials have now settled on a move for Sanchez. Sanchez, 25, lost his place as Brighton's starting goalkeeper midway through last season as Roberto De Zerbi preferred the ball-playing abilities of Jason Steele, while the Seagulls have also brought in Bart Verbruggen from Anderlecht for just over £16m this summer. Sources have now confirmed to 90min that Sanchez is closing in on a move to Chelsea. A fee has been agreed between the two clubs, and with personal terms not an issue, Sanchez is now expected to undergo a medical imminently ahead of putting pen to paper on a contract at Stamford Bridge. Much of the club's push for Sanchez has come from goalkeeping chief Ben Roberts, who worked with the Spaniard as a coach at Brighton before following Graham Potter to Chelsea, where he was eventually promoted to a role which sees him involved in goalkeeper recruitment. feed Chelsea have been looking for a high-level goalkeeper to provide competition for Kepa and began the summer exploring a deal for Andre Onana, only to allow the Cameroon international to move to Manchester United instead. A bid for AC Milan's Mike Maignan was also ruled out due to the Italian side's high asking price. Sanchez's Premier League experience, coupled with the fact he counts towards Chelsea's homegrown quota thanks to his time in the Brighton academy, has helped endear him to the club's recruitment department. Talks remain on between Chelsea and Brighton over midfielder Moises Caicedo, for whom the Blues have seen multiple bids rejected already this summer. An £80m offer was swiftly rejected by Brighton, who are holding out for £100m to part ways with their star midfielder.
