Brighton Confirm Signing of Adam Lallana From Liverpool on Three-Year Deal
Jul 27, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/brighton-confirm-signing-of-adam-lallana-from-liverpool
Brighton have confirmed the signing of midfielder Adam Lallana from Liverpool on a three-year deal. The 32-year-old joined Liverpool from Southampton in 2014, winning the Champions League and Premier League during his six years with the club. ? It’s official! ✍️ Albion are delighted to announce the signing of Adam Lallana on a three-year contract!#BHAFC ?⚪️ He left Anfield at the end of the 2019/20 campaign following the expiration of his contract. “Adam is a really exciting signing for us, someone I am sure the supporters will be really looking forward to seeing play as and when things are able to begin to return to normal," Brighton head coach Graham Potter told the official club website. “He has played at the very highest level, for both club and country, and achieved great things. He has a wealth of experience alongside his technical quality. "There is no doubting Adam’s quality, and if you look at his footballing CV his ability is clear for everyone to see.  Nothing but love and appreciation for the last 6 years. Thanks to the amazing people who made this place feel like home. To the supporters for accepting me and making me feel like one of their own. The staff - the world-class staff - without whom none of what we achieve as players would be possible. I can’t find the words to do justice for how much they mean to me... they are everything! To Brendan Rodgers, I will forever be grateful that he gave me the privilege to represent this club. To Jürgen Klopp, an even better man than he is a football manager. My teammates, they are my brothers. To share this journey with these boys has made me feel the luckiest fella in the game. To the Skip, Jordan Henderson... my best friend! No one deserves success more than this guy. It’s meant everything to be at his side while he’s achieved it. And to my own family, my wife and children, my mum, dad and sister... my own “team”. They made the good times better and the tough times bearable.  I am so grateful to have been part of this special place. And now on to the next adventure. With love, Adam A post shared by  Adam Lallana (@officiallallana) on Jul 24, 2020 at 11:07am PDT “The honours he won during his time at Liverpool, and the high regard in which he is held at Anfield, only further underline his ability and character. “To have both his experience and quality out on the pitch will be a great addition for us, and I know he will be an excellent role model for our younger players in the squad. “I am really looking forward to working with him when we return for pre-season training in a few weeks.” Lallana left Liverpool on a high as he helped the Reds secure their first top flight title in 30 years.
