Liverpool & Manchester United in competition over move for 'fantastic' Derby wonderkid
Jan 17, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/liverpool-manchester-united-transfer-derby-wonderkid-kaide-gordon
Liverpool and Manchester United have been linked with a move for Derby County youngster Kaide Gordon, who is making waves after becoming the fourth-youngest player in the club's history this season. The 16-year-old has been talked up as one of the best of his age group in the country, and is one of the top prospect in a Derby academy that is teeming with talent. He is already a regular for the club's under-18 side, and made it off the bench for the first-team when they beat Birmingham City last month.  The attacking midfielder only turned 16 in October, but according to Sky Sports' Rob Dorset, the club are already bracing for his departure, which could come before the January window closes, with Liverpool and United 'closely monitoring' his development.  #dcfc youngster Kaide Gordon being closely monitored by #lfc and #mufc among others. Described as “the best 16yr old in the country” and by Wayne Rooney as “one of our best” he’s expected to leave Derby for a seven-figure sum plus sell on clauses, in the next fortnight. See #ssn Dorset keeps the potential fee close to his chest, noting only that Derby expect a 'seven-figure sum', but the Derby Telegraph give a little more, saying they expect 'multiple millions' if he is to leave now.  Derby can't demand a transfer fee for Gordon, since he is unable to sign a professional contract until the summer at the earliest, but they can hold out for a compensation package that should be significant considering he has already played for the senior side .  Speaking earlier this week, new Derby manager Wayne Rooney gave some insight into Gordon's future as he waxed lyrical about the teenager. When you impress Wayne Rooney daily in training...Then make your Championship debut at 16 years old becoming one of the youngest players in @dcfcofficial history...It’s no surprise that both Liverpool and Manchester United are vying for ??????? Kaide Gordon’s signature! ⚔️ pic.twitter.com/3b0yBNqiGB
