Football transfer rumours: Liverpool bid for Christensen; Man Utd make Martial decision
Jul 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-christensen-man-utd-martial-decision-28-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool have made an opening offer of €30m to sign Barcelona centre-back Andreas Christensen, but their proposal was swiftly knocked back. (El Nacional) One deal which is progressing for Liverpool is their pursuit of Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia, who is valued at €60m. (Gazer van Antwerpen) Manchester United are willing to keep hold of Anthony Martial as a backup striker despite an initial desire to offload the Frenchman. (ESPN) RB Leipzig have warned Manchester City that they have until August 12, the date of their German Super Cup clash, to strike a deal for centre-back Josko Gvardiol before the Croatian will no longer be available. (Mail) Bayern Munich are targeting Brentford goalkeeper David Raya as they look for competition for Manuel Neuer - current understudy Yann Sommer is on track to join Inter. (The Times) Moises Caicedo remains determined to leave Brighton for Chelsea this summer despite the Blues seeing a fresh £80m bid rejected earlier this week. (The Athletic) Ajax midfielder Mohammed Kudus has a strong preference to join Arsenal over Chelsea if he does leave the Amsterdam side. (Football Transfers) manual PSG may be forced to reach out to Real Madrid to try and negotiate the immediate sale of forward Kylian Mbappe, who has rejected all interest from elsewhere so far this summer. (AS) Victor Osimhen, a target for Chelsea, Manchester United and Real Madrid among others, is in talks with Napoli about extending his contract. (Sky Italy) Bayern Munich officials are flying to London for fresh talks with Tottenham over striker Harry Kane. (Telegraph) But PSG also believe they are in the mix to land Kane's signature if he is allowed to leave Tottenham this summer. (Sky Sports) Fulham have made a £4m bid for Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi, who looks destined to leave Stamford Bridge this summer. (Fabrizio Romano)
