Man Utd Prepare €40m Bid for Donny van de Beek - Real Madrid Drop Interest
Jun 9, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-40m-bid-donny-van-de-beek-real-madrid
Ajax's Donny van de Beek and his agent have been informed by Real Madrid that they will not be making any moves for players 'for now' - and Manchester United could look to take advantage as they prepare a €40m bid. While Frenkie de Jong and Matthijs de Ligt departed last summer, Van de Beek has stayed put and continued to shine for the 2018/19 Champions League semi finalists. The Dutchman made 37 appearances in all competitions in 2019/20 before play was halted due to the coronavirus, grabbing ten goals and 11 assists during this time. The 23-year-old has continued to attract attention, with Real often mentioned as the side most keen. However, Marca now report that the midfielder and his agent have sought to clarify whether Los Blancos will be making a move to land him, with United still interested.  However, the pair have been informed that should Van de Beek have his heart set on a move to the Bernabeu, he will have to wait as Real are currently not planning on signing anyone 'for now'.  The likes of Kai Havertz, Erling Haaland and others have already been linked with moves to Madrid, but Marca state that due to the financial impact of the coronavirus on clubs, transfers of such magnitude are unlikely for now for Real. Furthermore, Zinedine Zidane has been keen to land United's Paul Pogba for some time, with a source confirming to 90min back in April that the Frenchman's priority remains to join Los Blancos so that he can team up with Zidane. However, despite Pogba's contract situation, if Madrid are not keen on forking out the necessary money to bring in Van de Beek, they will struggle to strike an agreement with United for Pogba anytime soon. Recognising the current situation, Voetbal International now report that United are ready to make their move for Van de Beek and will start negotiations 'soon', with the Red Devils ready to offer €40m.
