Jürgen Klopp Speaks Out on Timo Werner & Kai Havertz as Liverpool Turn Down Big Signings
Jun 7, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/jurgen-klopp-speaks-out-on-timo-werner-kai-havertz-as-liverpool-turn-down-big-signings
Jurgen Klopp has spoken of his admiration for Bundesliga stars Kai Havertz and Timo Werner, even though it looks as if Liverpool have passed up on the opportunity to make a move for either player this summer. Though Werner - the second-highest goalscorer in the Bundesliga this season - has been mentioned as a potential target for the Reds for some time, it was sensationally revealed this week that Liverpool's Premier League rivals Chelsea are instead set to add the German to their ranks. Timo Werner is close to joining Chelsea in a deal worth almost €60M, according to reports in Germany. | ✍️ @matthewOCS Likewise, Klopp's side has also been extensively linked with a bid for his Havertz, but the German media have indicated that the Bayer Leverkusen man is being heavily pursued by Bayern Munich among others with the Reds set to pass on the bidding war. Liverpool instead look set for a low-key summer, with the club apparently not willing to splash the cash in the current economic climate, nor risk disrupting an already dominant squad. Though the Premier League champions-elect likely won't be adding either to their ranks this summer, Klopp spoke to Sky Germany about his appreciation of Werner and Havertz, while outlining the club's policy with regard to future deals. "There are a lot of good players on this planet," Klopp said. "Timo Werner is a great player, Kai Havertz is a great player." The Champions League winner went on to emphasise the difficult nature of making signings in football's new post-pandemic landscape. "Right time, opportunity - everything has to come together," Klopp added. "Six, seven weeks ago, we didn't know if we could play again this year. If we hadn't played the second half of the season, we would have thought, 'OK, when can you really play football again?' And now it starts right away. "We act as if everything is already settled. It's not settled. We use this little loophole we've been left to play football again. Everything else we have to see the moment it happens. We can't pretend now that everything's going to be fine in the future." Klopp warned in general that Liverpool would not be making too many extravagant signings in a 'quiet' period for the club. "It's rather quiet here (at Liverpool) at the moment," Klopp added. "I think it's safe to say. If you want to take it seriously and run a normal business and depend on income and have no idea how much you will earn... especially because we don't know when we can start playing with spectators again. Defenders trying to bring him down not once, but twice. Timo Werner would take the Premier League by storm! ⚡️pic.twitter.com/ZW8zS3pwiU
