Xavi Simons reacts to Arsenal transfer links
Jun 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/xavi-simons-reacts-arsenal-transfer-links
PSV Eindhoven star Xavi Simons has commented on reports linking him with a summer transfer to Arsenal. The 20-year-old has long been touted as one of European football's best young prospects, though struggled to make an impact during a three-year stay at Paris Saint-Germain. Simons completed a return to his homeland last summer, signing for PSV and enjoying a breakout season back in the Netherlands, ending the campaign with 22 goals and 18 assists across 48 games in all competitions. The versatile forward - who is capable of playing on either wing, behind the striker or as a number nine - has made tremendous progress over the last 12 months and his development has not gone unnoticed. He played up front in PSV's 2-0 win against Arsenal in the Europa League group stage, while he started on the right in a 1-0 defeat at the Emirates Stadium. Reports from the Netherlands claim that Simons has drawn the attention of the Gunners, who are said to be contemplating a bid to take him off of PSV's hands already. READ THE LATEST ARSENAL NEWS, TRANSFER RUMOURS & GOSSIP feed Speaking to De Volkskrant, Simons was coy on his future at the Philips Stadion and admitted he needed time to think about his next move. "I don't know yet. I'm now with the Dutch national team, I'm going to work here for two weeks and then we'll see what happens. Soon we will decide together with family what is best for me," Simons said. Arsenal's priority target this summer is West Ham United captain Declan Rice, who has been given the green light to leave London Stadium by owner David Sullivan. However, sources have told 90min that the Gunners are currently unwilling to meet his £100m price tag, instead valuing him at around £90m. Other players on Arsenal's radar include former Barcelona winger Malcom and Manchester City full-back Joao Cancelo. Brighton's Moises Caicedo has continued to be linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium after Arsenal failed to sign him from the Seagulls back in January. One player who will definitely be at Arsenal next season is William Saliba - 90min understands he has finally agreed terms on a fresh four-year deal in north London. LISTEN NOW
