Bayern Closely Monitoring Achraf Hakimi's Situation at Real Madrid
Jun 13, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-closely-monitoring-achraf-hakimi-s-situation-at-real-madrid
Bayern Munich are paying close attention to Achraf Hakimi's situation at Real Madrid, with the in-demand Moroccan set to depart Madrid on a permanent basis this summer.  Hakimi joined Borussia Dortmund from Los Blancos on a two-year loan deal in 2018, where he has evolved into a superstar and one of the most sought after talents in Europe.  Generally utilised in a wing-back role, the 21-year-old has notched 29 goal contributions in 70 appearances for BVB - including five goals and ten assists in the Bundesliga this term.  Hakimi's stellar campaign at Signal Iduna Park has led to many of Europe's elite taking notice, with Marca reporting that Bayern have been 'very attentive' in regards to the player's situation at the Bernabeu, and were the first to enquire Los Blancos about a potential move.  Die Roten are targeting a new right-back this summer to either provide cover for Benjamin Pavard or allow the Frenchman to switch over to centre-back.  With Dani Carvajal continuing to perform at a high-enough level, Real appear willing to let the supremely talented Hakimi depart this summer while his value's sky-high. They could potentially reinvest the money brought about by the Moroccan's sale into other priority areas - namely centre-back, central midfield and up front. Despite Bayern's keen interest, it's Dortmund who'll get first dibs at the chance to sign Hakimi on a permanent basis and BVB sporting director Michael Zorc recently confirmed the club's interest in retaining the wing-back's services. "The contractual situation is clear – he will return to Real Madrid for the time being. We will still try to get him to play with us next season, but it is too early to discuss that now,” Zorc said. 90min, meanwhile, exclusively revealed Premier League trio Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham have all asked Real about the availability of Hakimi. Juventus, Inter and PSG are also all said to hold an interest. 
