Denzel Dumfries transfer: Agent addresses potential hurdle for January deal
Dec 6, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/denzel-dumfries-transfer-agent-addresses-potential-hurdle-january-deal
Denzel Dumfries’ agent has admitted that it will be ‘difficult’ to secure a transfer for the Inter wing-back in January if his value rises as a result of a stellar World Cup campaign with Netherlands. Dumfries joined Inter from PSV Eindhoven just under 18 months ago for an initial €12.5m off the back of an impressive Euro 2020. The 26-year-old has since continued to impress in Serie A and the Champions League and has now helped his national team get to the World Cup quarter-finals. Dumfries has played every minute for the Oranje in Qatar so far, having a direct hand in all three of the team’s goals in the last 16 win over the United States – one goal, two assists. The Dutch will play Argentina in the quarter-finals on Friday in a repeat of the 1978 final, 1998 quarter-final and 2014 semi-final. Due to his performances, Dumfries’ club future has been the subject of media attention amid the expectation that he could be moving clubs as soon as next month. But agent Rafaela Pimenta, who took over the handling of the late Mino Raiola’s client list upon his untimely death earlier this year, has expressed concern if the player’s World Cup performances end up pricing him out of a transfer. “I hope his value doesn’t increase, otherwise it will be difficult to transfer him,” Pimenta told Sky Sport Italy this week, effectively confirming that moving clubs is the priority. Harry Symeou hosts Andy Headspeath, Toby Cudworth & La Liga TV presenter Semra Hunter to look back on the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa - join us! If you can’t see the podcast embed, click here to download or listen to the episode in full! Dumfries has long been linked with Manchester United, whose depth at right-back is paper thin, while 90min revealed in August that Chelsea had initiated talks with Inter over a proposed transfer.
