Football transfer rumours: Rice's preferred destination; PSG's Messi plan
Apr 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-rice-destination-psg-messi-plan-18-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Declan Rice has his eyes set on a move to Arsenal this summer. The West Ham captain has most recently been linked with Newcastle, while the likes of Chelsea, Manchester City and Manchester United have held an interest in recent years. (TalkSPORT) Another midfielder likely to be on the move this summer is out-of-contract Manchester City star Ilkay Gundogan, with Barcelona confident of bringing him to Camp Nou on a free transfer. (The Times) Kyle Walker could also be on his way out of Manchester City, with Aston Villa lining up a move for the England international. (Football Insider) Chelsea are open to letting Conor Gallagher leave this summer amid interest from Liverpool and Newcastle, though no concrete offers have been made to the Blues as of yet. (Fabrizio Romano) One of Liverpool's main midfield targets is Bayern Munich's Ryan Gravenberch, who has informed the Reds that he would be interested in a move to Merseyside. (Daily Mirror) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed PSG are now planning for the 2023/24 season without Lionel Messi in mind, and would like to replace him with a star striker - Victor Osimhen and Randal Kolo Muani are the names atop their shortlist. (Le Parisien) Bayern Munich teammate Alphonso Davies may also depart the Allianz Arena this summer, with Real Madrid and Manchester City interested in his services. (Sky Germany) Barcelona are eyeing Uruguayan youngster Fabricio Diaz as a long-term replacement to Sergio Busquets, who will likely leave the club within the next couple of years. (Gerard Romero) Chelsea have agreed a deal to sign 15-year-old midfielder Kendry Paez in a £17.6m deal. He will link up with the Blues once he turns 18. (Fabrizio Romano) LISTEN NOW
