Erik ten Hag confirms Man Utd transfer plans after Cristiano Ronaldo exit
Dec 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-confirms-man-utd-transfer-plans-cristiano-ronaldo
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has confirmed that the club does plan to replace Cristiano Ronaldo with a new striker in the transfer market, but it has to be the ‘right’ person. United and Ronaldo agreed to terminate his contract last month in the wake of the interview the player gave to TalkTV, during which he was heavily critical of the club and said he did not respect Ten Hag – the boss has since confirmed the interview is the reason why Ronaldo was let go. Ronaldo’s departure, while the best course of action for all parties, has left United short up front. With Marcus Rashford usually suited better to a wide forward role, Anthony Martial is the only recognised ‘number nine’ in the first-team squad. Martial has done well when fit this season, with six direct goal contributions in seven appearances in all competitions, but his injury record means he has hardly been available. Ten Hag has been asked by reporters during United’s mid-season break to Spain if signing another striker is on the agenda. “Yes, but only when we find the right player,” he explained. “We do everything that is in our power, so I do research on every opportunity that comes. We do everything we can if that opportunity will be there.” Ten Hag is famed from his Ajax days for developing talent and United, having let a 37-year-old leave, have been keeping an eye on a handful of younger options. Harry Symeou hosts Andy Headspeath, Quentin Gesp and Jack Gallagher to look back on the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia - join us! If you can’t see the podcast embed, click here to download or listen to the episode in full! As reported by 90min last month, they are among the clubs interested in 23-year-old Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix. The Portugal international is ready to leave Atletico and a host of clubs are prepared to submit a bid that would initially take the form of a loan.
