Napoli leading Torino in race to sign Nikola Vlasic on loan from West Ham
Aug 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/napoli-leading-torino-in-race-to-sign-nikola-vlasic-on-loan-from-west-ham
Napoli have jumped ahead of Torino in the race to sign attacking midfielder Nikola Vlasic on loan from West Ham United, 90min understands. The 24-year-old joined the Hammers on a five-year deal last summer but struggled to find his feet during a difficult first season at London Stadium. Vlasic played 31 times in all competitions, scoring once in the comfortable 4-1 win over Watford at Vicarage Road, but was afforded just 552 minutes of Premier League football by David Moyes.  With West Ham strengthening their attacking options with the £17.5m signing of Burnley winger Maxwel Cornet last Friday, 90min understands that the club are willing to allow Vlasic to leave despite Moyes' and head of recruitment Rob Newman's desire to add further signings. The Scot emphasised the need for fresh faces in his squad following the 2-0 defeat to reigning champions Manchester City on the opening day, admitting that things are a bit 'stale' at London Stadium. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Torino have been actively pursuing Vlasic for the last few weeks in the hope of agreeing a loan deal, but 90min has learned that Napoli - who have had a longstanding interest in the Croatian that dates back to his time at CSKA Moscow - are now leading the charge for his signature. The Serie A giants are looking to land Vlasic on a season-long loan deal with option to buy - not the obligatory buy clause that 90min understands West Ham are looking for. Nevertheless, a switch to Italy is now looking likely, which could open up the possibility of Moyes signing another attacking midfielder before the transfer window closes.
