Matthijs de Ligt could push for Juventus exit amid contract impasse
Jun 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/matthijs-de-ligt-could-push-juventus-exit-contract-impasse
Matthijs de Ligt has not handed in a transfer request at Juventus, 90min understands, although the defender could seek an exit as he struggles to agree a new contract in Turin. The centre-back has two years remaining on the five-year contract he signed with Juve when he joined from Ajax in 2019, and talks have been ongoing over fresh terms. De Ligt had been represented by the late Mino Raiola, with lawyer Rafaela Pimenta assuming control of negotiations following the Italian's death in April. Pimenta is also looking after another of Raiola's clients in Paul Pogba, and in a recent meeting where the Frenchman's return to the Allianz Stadium was agreed, sources have told 90min that the subject of De Ligt's new deal was also raised. However, the discussions were not productive, with members of the Bianconeri hierarchy baulking at the Dutchman's demands. 90min understands Pimenta made it clear that De Ligt would push for a move if Juventus did not table a suitable proposal, with a number of leading English clubs expressing an interest in the defender, although the Bianconeri are in no rush to sell following Giorgio Chiellini's recent departure to MLS.  The 22-year-old is among Chelsea's defensive targets following the exits of both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their respective contracts, and he would be considered a marquee signing for the club's new ownership. Long-term admirers Man City and Man Utd are also keeping tabs on the situation. 90min understands that any approach from Chelsea would not affect their pursuit of Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Newcastle's decision to pull out of a deal for Hugo Ekitike and offer the latest on Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Speaking during the international window earlier this month, De Ligt confirmed contract talks were ongoing but also revealed he might consider his options. "Talks are being held and, when the time comes, I will decide whether I will extend or whether I want to look elsewhere," he said.
