Erik ten Hag responds to Man Utd links with Kylian Mbappe
Jul 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-responds-man-utd-links-kylian-mbappe
Erik ten Hag has been quizzed on Manchester United's supposed interest in Kylian Mbappe. Paris Saint-Germain informed Mbappe last Friday that he would not be allowed to travel with the first team for their pre-season tour of Asia as they were looking to sell him before the end of the summer transfer window. The forward previously intimated he would not sign a new contract beyond 2024. PSG accepted a world-record £259m bid from Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal on Monday, allowing Mbappe to hold talks over personal terms. While Al Hilal have made their move, a number of clubs have been linked with Mbappe in hope that he would prefer to stay in Europe. United have been touted as a potential destination in recent days and Ten Hag was asked about whether he's interested in Mbappe at a press conference ahead of their pre-season friendly against Real Madrid in Houston. "We never speak about players who are under contract in other clubs," the Dutchman said. manual Though Ten Hag was in no mood to talk about Mbappe, he did insist that United are pressing forward in their search for a new striker, with Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund agreeing personal terms over a move to Old Trafford. "What I can say is we do everything that's in our power to get it done," he continued. "For me, as soon as possible, the earlier the better, because we have to integrate him in the team, the way of play. In an ideal situation, he was already here but you do not always get ideal situations as a manager and you have to deal with the situation. "We make progress, yeah, but we know how it works and when we have him, we will tell you directly. We are underperforming [at goalscoring] and we are aware of it. Others also have to contribute in that area and therefore, also we are looking for goalscoring capabilities. "In Mason Mount we have a player extra capable of scoring goals, to create, to play [Marcus] Rashford into position to score more goals, but as a whole team we have to score more."
