Football transfer rumours: Rice to reject Bayern; Modric to leave Real Madrid
Jun 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-rice-bayern-modric-real-madrid-2-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Declan Rice is expected to reject the advances of Bayern Munich and prioritise a move to a Premier League club this summer. The West Ham captain is wanted by Arsenal and Manchester United. (Daily Mail) Arsenal will make their opening offer for Rice following next week's Europa Conference League final between West Ham and Fiorentina. (Fabrizio Romano) However, Arsenal have been dealt a blow in their pursuit of Joao Cancelo, who does not want to return to England following his loan spell at Bayern Munich from Manchester City. (AZ) Mason Mount, could leave Chelsea this summer and he has agreed personal terms with Manchester United and they will make a formal approach to the Blues in the coming days. (Sky Sports) Xavi has claimed Barcelona's pursuit of Lionel Messi is under control despite reports of the Argentine agreeing terms on a €1.2bn contract with Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal. (Mundo Deportivo) READ THE TRANSFER RUMOURS OF THE PAST WEEK HERE manual New Chelsea head coach Mauricio Pochettino has convinced co-owner Todd Boehly to fund a pursuit of Real Madrid star Federico Valverde this summer. (SPORT) Valverde might not be the only midfielder leaving Real Madrid, with Luka Modric said to be nearing an agreement to join the Saudi Pro League on a three-year €120m contract. (OK) Karim Benzema has, however, decided to reject a move to Saudi Arabia at the last minute in order to stay at Real Madrid. (Marca) Tottenham would have swooped in to sign Jordan Pickford if Everton were relegated from the Premier League, but he is likely to remain at Goodison Park after they secured safety on the final day of the season. (CBS) Liverpool target Khephren Thuram has admitted he is currently not thinking about a move away from Nice. (Liverpool Echo) LISTEN NOW
