Danny Rose Admits His Tottenham Days 'Are Numbered' Heading Into Final Year of Contract
Jul 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/danny-rose-admits-his-tottenham-days-are-numbered-heading-into-final-year-of-contract
Tottenham defender Danny Rose has admitted that his days in north London 'are numbered' as he heads into the final year of his contract. The 30-year-old has been associated with Spurs for 13 years after opting to leave Leeds United when he was a teenager, playing 156 Premier League games for the club in that time.  But since José Mourinho was appointed as manager in November, replacing the sacked Mauricio Pochettino, Rose has been forced out of the first team picture, joining Newcastle on loan in January with a view to a permanent move. Now, speaking to the Mirror, Rose has admitted that his time at Tottenham is likely coming to a permanent end, revealing that he's currently 'playing for my future' in the north east. “First and foremost, I am playing for my future," Rose began. “I don't think I need a bigger motivation than that. I have settled in very well, I love the lads, and staff and the fans. "It doesn't take a rocket scientist to work out that my days are numbered at Spurs. I am playing for my future - no bigger motivation. It is probably the first time in my career I have been in this situation - never have I been down to less than one year on my contract - so it's a new experience for me." Rose has played nine times for Newcastle so far, but has found himself on the bench for the Magpies last two games as he looks to regain fitness after injury. He has one year left on his Tottenham contract but a permanent move could materialise if he's able to force his way back into the side, while more regular action may help force his way back into Gareth Southgate's England plans. Regardless of where he may end up, Rose admitted that the writing was on the wall for him at Tottenham when Pochettino left the club, detailing the difficulties he faced during the early part of Mourinho's tenure. 
