Wolves Winger Pedro Neto Pens New Long-Term Contract at Molineux
Nov 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/wolves-winger-pedro-neto-pens-new-long-term-contract-at-molineux
Wolverhampton Wanderers winger Pedro Neto has signed a new five-year contract, keeping him at Molineux until 2025. One of the club's burgeoning Portuguese contingent, the wide man has nailed down a starting berth in Nuno Espirito Santo's side this season having joined the club from Lazio in August 2019. The 20-year-old has started each of Wolves' seven Premier League games so far this term, scoring emphatically against Fulham and providing assists against Sheffield United on the opening day and last time out against Crystal Palace.  ✍️ #Neto2025  ? Congratulations @pedroneto_30, who has signed a new long-term contract! ? A post shared by  Wolves (@wolves) on Nov 3, 2020 at 10:00am PST The Portugal Under-21 has been rewarded for his displays, putting pen to paper on an improved long-term contract in the Black Country. Speaking to Wolves' official website having signed fresh terms, Neto said: “It’s been amazing being here. I love being here; the family that we are building, all the club, it’s been fantastic for me, so I’m very happy. “This new deal shows I’m working very hard and I was expecting it because I worked for it. I always work to improve my game, so it comes with that. I work hard every day, so I’m very happy about it, but I will continue to work now. “We say that nothing is given to you, so you have to work hard and what I have done in the last year-and-a-half is work hard every day, continue to improve and learn from my teammates.” He added: “We go day by day; improving, working and letting things happen naturally, but I know what I want to achieve. I want to be the best. “But I don’t think in the future, because the future depends on what you do in the present, so work every day, learning everything, little things day by day, and I will continue that.”  ? @pedroneto_30 A post shared by  Wolves (@wolves) on Oct 5, 2020 at 11:48am PDT
