Transfer rumours: Liverpool join Antony race; Chelsea prepare De Jong bid
Jul 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-liverpool-join-antony-race-chelsea-prepare-de-jong-bid
Liverpool have joined Manchester United in the race to sign Ajax winger Antony, but are unwilling to break the bank in order to bring the Brazilian to Anfield. The Dutch champions have set a £60m asking price. Man Utd's top target remains Frenkie de Jong, but the Red Devils are aware that Chelsea's interest in the midfielder is also building. Paris Saint-Germain are interested in signing Bernardo Silva and offered Neymar as a makeweight to Manchester City, but the Premier League champions had no interest in such a deal. Silva is also wanted by Barcelona, but the Blaugrana's current priority is finding funds to pursue Jules Kounde, who is in advanced talks over a move to Chelsea. Tottenham managing director of football Fabio Paratici is in Italy in order to finalise Japhet Tanganga's loan to Milan and weigh up Sampdoria's interest in Bryan Gil. He could also make another approach to Roma for Nicolo Zaniolo. Meanwhile at Spurs, Antonio Conte has revealed it was not his choice to sign Djed Spence, but allowed the club to push through a deal for the right-back as he believes he can become a 'very important' player for him. Manchester City will make a move for Brighton left-back Marc Cucurella once Oleksandr Zinchenko joins Arsenal, but the Seagulls will hold out for a fee of at least £50m. Elsewhere at Arsenal, the Gunners are ready to step up their interest in Youri Tielemans, but Leicester City feel that the midfielder will stay and run down his contract. Chelsea remain in talks with PSG regarding Presnel Kimpembe, but already fear they are wasting their time and that the defender would reject a move to Stamford Bridge anyway. Nottingham Forest have moved ahead of West Ham United in the race to sign free agent Jesse Lingard. The Reds are also looking to finalise deals for Huddersfield Town duo Lewis O'Brien and Harry Toffolo after a double swoop nearly collapsed. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders,Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. Gleison Bremer has returned to Turin to formalise a transfer to Juventus, who will beat Inter to the defender's signature. Crystal Palace are in discussions with Bayern Munich over a deal for USMNT defender Chris Richards, who is wanted by several other Premier League sides. One player who could be leaving Selhurst Park is Christian Benteke, who is being eyed by Wolves as he enters the final year of his Palace deal.
