Football transfer rumours: Kane sets Bayern deadline; Liverpool's Lavia alternatives
Aug 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-kane-bayern-liverpool-lavia-2-8-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Harry Kane will expect to remain at Tottenham for the 2023/24 season if Bayern Munich do not reach an agreement to sign him by the time their Premier League campaign starts against Brentford on August 13. Bayern remain short of Spurs' demands of at least £100m. (Evening Standard) Bayern head coach Thomas Tuchel is planning for the new season with Kane in his plans and the club remain confident of agreeing a fee with Tottenham. (Daily Mirror) Rasmus Hojlund has completed a medical ahead of his move to Manchester United and will be unveiled as their newest player shortly. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona boss Xavi has revealed that Ousmane Dembele will indeed be joining PSG, but is disappointed at how the transfer saga has played out. (Relevo) While Dembele is leaving Barcelona, they remain interested in Bernardo Silva, but they are unlikely to sign him from Manchester City due to their lofty demands. (SPORT) manual David Raya has agreed personal terms with Arsenal and the Gunners will now accelerate talks with Brentford over a fee. Bayern and Tottenham both walked away from the negotiating table earlier this summer due to the Bees' £40m asking price. (Evening Standard) Liverpool are considering abandoning their pursuit of Southampton's Romeo Lavia and are weighing up fresh moves for Bayern's Ryan Gravenberch and Manchester City's Kalvin Phillips. (Independent) Alphonso Davies has signalled to Real Madrid that he is willing to join them from Bayern, but a deal is more likely to be completed next summer rather than in this current window. (Defensa Central) Moises Caicedo admitted that he wants to leave Brighton during their awards ceremony on Tuesday night, though refused to name Chelsea as his preferred destination. (Sussex World)
