Man Utd & adidas hold back kit release video amid Cristiano Ronaldo uncertainty
Jul 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-adidas-hold-back-kit-release-video-amid-cristiano-ronaldo-uncertainty
Manchester United have held back a special promotional video for their new home kit amid uncertainty surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo's future at the club. Ronaldo has asked United to consider any suitable offers that arrive for him this summer, in the belief that he will be unable to fulfil his ambitions of claiming silverware and personal accolades at Old Trafford next season. At this stage only Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain have the will and finances to pull off a deal, and 90min understands the former are readying an opening bid. Bayern Munich have ruled themselves out of the running. Amid the uncertainty surrounding Ronaldo's future, Man Utd unveiled their new home kit for the 2022/23 season on Friday - including images of the Portuguese superstar donning the new shirt and a short video in which he appears. However, according to The Athletic, a special longer promotional video in which the 37-year-old features more prominently has been put on the back burner. The footage apparently shows Ronaldo alongside fellow legendary Man Utd no.7s Eric Cantona and David Beckham and the final version was due for release on Friday alongside the physical kit. But as a result of Ronaldo's unexpected potential exit, United agreed with kit manufacturer adidas that the video should be put on hold and could be altered depending on the outcome of the saga. Adding fuel to the fire, it was revealed on Thursday that Ronaldo will not join the travelling squad for their pre-season tour, initially at least. isten now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! A United spokesperson told the Manchester Evening News: "Cristiano Ronaldo will not be part of the Manchester United party scheduled to depart for our pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia on Friday. He has been granted additional time off to deal with a family issue.
