Juventus plan Eden Hazard loan move as Cristiano Ronaldo replacement
Aug 27, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/juventus-transfer-news-eden-hazard-loan-cristiano-ronaldo-replacement
Juventus are looking to sign Real Madrid star Eden Hazard on loan this summer, as they go in search of an adequate replacement for the departing Cristiano Ronaldo.  CR7 has officially re-joined Man Utd after asking to leave Juve on Thursday. That deal leaves Juve short of attacking firepower so close to the end of the transfer window, and they're now in the market for a new forward.  And Marca reports that Juventus see Hazard as the best Ronaldo replacement available, and are lining up a potential loan deal to bring the Belgian star to Serie A.  The 30-year-old has featured in both of Madrid's opening two La Liga matches this season, but he still looks a way off the player they paid €100m for in 2019. In fact, he has failed massively to live up to his transfer fee, and los Merengues have now dipped into the market for his possible successor.  Madrid are closing in on the signing of Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe, who, although able to play down the middle, performs best on the left-wing - the same position occupied by Hazard. That deal means the Belgian's starting spot is now seriously in doubt, considering Karim Benzema will not be budged from his role as star striker.  Coach Carlo Ancelotti may be willing to allow Hazard to leave in that case, and Juve are considering an approach for the winger. The Bianconeri would prefer to sign the former Chelsea star on loan, given his recent injury record and lack of form, but they'd also have to convince him to leave Santiago Bernabeu this summer.   Hazard is not Juve's only target, however. Gianluca Di Marzio claims that Allegri's dream Ronaldo replacement is Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic, but that particular deal has been described as 'impossible.'  Sky Sport Italia have also cast several names into the mix, stating that Juve would like to sign former Inter star Mauro Icardi on loan, while they have also made contact with Everton over the possible return of Moise Kean. 
