Kieran Tierney among names on Man City's left-back shortlist
Aug 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/kieran-tierney-among-names-man-city-left-back-shortlist
Manchester City are keen to sign a new left-back this summer and 90min can confirm that Arsenal's Kieran Tierney is among the names on their shortlist. Pep Guardiola's side tried to recruit Marc Cucurella earlier this summer but declined to meet his £55m price tag and instead watched him join Chelsea, leaving them without a recognised left-back on the books following the departure of Oleksandr Zinchenko to Arsenal. Joao Cancelo, a right-back by trade, has spent the vast majority of his time over on the left side of defence but City want a natural fit for the role to aid the defence of their Premier League title. City are looking at a whole host of options and sources have confirmed to 90min that Tierney is among the names to have been discussed at the Etihad. Tierney's Premier League experience is valued highly by Guardiola, but Arsenal are not looking to part ways with the Scotland international, despite recruiting Zinchenko earlier this summer. Zinchenko has begun the season at left-back in Tierney's injury-enforced absence but Arsenal's plan has always been to give the Ukraine international minutes in his preferred midfield role, allowing him to play alongside the Scot. Aware that a deal for Tierney would be incredibly tricky - and expensive - to pull off, City have been looking at a whole host of different targets. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Benfica's Alex Grimaldo, a former target for Arsenal, is also under consideration by the Premier League champions, while City have also been given the chance to sign Atletico Madrid's Renan Lodi this summer.
