Arsenal transfer rumours: Saka release clause; Xhaka considered for Juventus swap
Apr 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-transfer-rumours-saka-release-clause-xhaka-considered-for-juventus-swap
90min rounds up the latest Arsenal transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bukayo Saka's new Arsenal contract may only be signed off if the club agree to insert a £120m release clause. (CaughtOffside) Declan Rice remains Arsenal's top summer target and sporting director Edu is willing to pay £100m to fend off interest from Chelsea, Manchester United and Liverpool. (Football Insider) The Gunners may also target a move for Rice's Hammers teammate Lucas Paqueta. The Brazilian has failed to hit the ground running at the London Stadium and will almost certainly be available if the club are relegated from the Premier League. (Fichajes) Granit Xhaka and Nicolas Pepe could be used as makeweights in a move for Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic. (Calciomercatoweb) Arsenal's search for midfield reinforcements could lead to a bid for Southampton teenager Romeo Lavia. The Belgian's contract contains a £40m buyback clause for Manchester City but it's unknown whether the Premier League champions intend to activate it when it becomes live next year. (Fabrizio Romano) feed Arsenal will prioritise a move for Brighton's Moises Caicedo, who was the subject of failed £70m bid in January, after Martin Zubimendi committed his future to Real Sociedad. (Football Transfers) Mikel Arteta may look to add further depth at centre-back with a move for Barcelona's Eric Garcia. (Mundo Deportivo) Arsenal are keen on signing Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio this summer, with the Spaniard out of contract at the Santiago Bernabeu. (Tuttomercatoweb) Danish forward Rasmus Hojlund will set Arsenal back a cool £35m in order for Atalanta to sanction a summer departure. (Fichajes) Dominic Calvert-Lewin could be targeted by Arsenal if Everton are relegated from the Premier League. (Football Insider)
