The unconventional 'levers' Barcelona could include in contract offer to Lionel Messi
Apr 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/unconventional-levers-barcelona-contract-offer-lionel-messi
Barcelona have made it very clear that they are looking into the possibility of re-signing Lionel Messi from Paris Saint-Germain this summer. The Argentine's contract at Parc des Princes is on the verge of expiry and talks have not advanced over a new deal, despite PSG's public desire to keep him. 90min recently reported that a return to Barça is looking more and more likely for Messi. La Blaugrana then revealed on Friday that they are exploring ways to bring the World Cup winner back to the club. A stumbling block for Barcelona could be financing such a deal, even though Messi would not command a transfer fee. La Liga's strict salary cap rules saw the forward leave Spain in 2021, and Barcelona's fiscal woes remain an issue. READ NEXT manual Le Parisien report that with Barcelona €200m in the red heading into the summer window, any contract offered to Messi could include a number of unconventional financial 'levers' (because it wouldn't be a Barça summer window without them). Barcelona will attempt to hand Messi a two-year contract with the option for a third. But in lieu of a huge salary, he may be offered other incentives such as a percentage of sponsorship revenue brought about by his return, a portion of ticket sales or a cut of the money they make selling his merchandise. The club are also considering other methods to reduce their wage bill and cut costs, including selling players with higher salaries and laying off non-playing members of staff.  In addition to bringing Messi back, Barcelona need to finalise an agreement with La Liga to re-register Gavi's senior contract after it was revoked by a court. Barcelona are also fighting to prove their innocence after being charged with 'continuous sporting corruption' in relation to the Negreira scandal by Spanish prosecutors. LISTEN NOW
