Man Utd still wait on Frenkie de Jong despite Casemiro signing
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-frenkie-de-jong-casemiro-signing
Manchester United are still in touch with Frenkie de Jong's representatives and remain hopeful of bringing the player to Old Trafford before the transfer window closes, 90min understands, despite the signing of Casemiro. The deal for the Real Madrid midfielder was confirmed by United over the weekend, and the Brazilian was presented to supporters before Monday night's win over Liverpool. United moved for Casemiro last week after manager Erik ten Hag saw his team lose their first two Premier League games of the season, during which they conceded six goals to Brighton and Brentford, and has since described the 30-year-old as "the cement between the stones" in his new-look United set up. Casemiro had been seen as United triggering an alternative signing to De Jong in some quarters, though 90min understands that De Jong remains Ten Hag's number one objective for the summer window.  United's need for a ball-playing midfielder able to dribble from back to front has been evident in their opening matches, and Casemiro does not obviously fill that void either. De Jong's departure from Barcelona has been held up by an issue over deferred wages for the entire window, with Barcelona making it clear that he would need to decide to either leave the club or sign a deal on reduced terms in order to stay. De Jong's wages for the season ahead make him their highest earner, and at present they are not able to register all of their new signings. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey,Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Jules Kounde is as of now unable to feature in the league, while they are also waiting to complete a deal for Chelsea's Marcos Alonso. Barcelona have also made noises about wanting to sign Manchester City's Bernardo Silva, though the Premier League champions are resistant to selling the Portuguese at the moment. Barcelona are also trying to offload a number of other players to trim their wage bill, namely the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Memphis Depay, Samuel Umtiti and the United-linked Sergino Dest, but it's understood that even while De Jong has publicly maintained he would like to stay with Barcelona, that the relationship between player and club has soured behind the scenes. 90min understands United still firmly believe he will move to Old Trafford once his issues over earnings with Barcelona are resolved, and are prepared to stick by their plan to sign their number one target for the summer no matter how long it takes.
