Transfer deadline day 2022: Chelsea sign Aubameyang; Arthur to Liverpool; Antony joins Man Utd
Sep 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-deadline-day-2022-live-aubameyang-antony-arthur
90min's Transfer deadline day live blog guided you through the chaos of what was an exciting end to the summer 2022 window. Chelsea were the biggest movers on the day, bringing in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Denis Zakaria, but there were also high-profile moves for Arthur, on loan to Liverpool, and Antony, who finally sealed a €100m move to Manchester United. Here’s how the madness unfolded. Time for bed, everyone. Thank you for joining us for an eventful deadline day. Head back to 90min in the morning where we'll have further news and reaction to this summer's window. Good night! The final major deal of deadline day is complete. Denis Zakaria has signed for Chelsea on a season-long loan from Juventus, while Marcos Alonso’s six-year association with the club is over. He’s mutually terminated his contract and will be announced as a Barcelona player in the morning. We reckon, by our calculations, we’re waiting for one more deal to be confirmed now. Marcos Alonso’s move to Barcelona looks like being a morning announcement, leaving Denis Zakaria to take centre stage. He’s going to Chelsea, them again, from Juventus on loan. Come on Blues, it’s late! A real double whammy of Chelsea news and it’s the deal we’ve been waiting for! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is a Premier League player once more, joining from Barcelona in a £12m deal, while Billy Gilmour’s Stamford Bridge adventure is over - he is joining Graham Potter at Brighton on a four-year contract. Leeds United have completed the deadline day signing of Wilfried Gnonto. The teenage Italian international joins on a five-year deal, having previously graduated from Inter’s academy.  Could be a really smart bit of business by the Whites. No, really, why are Nottingham Forest still signing players? There’s another one through the door, this time in the shape of Loic Bade, AND Serge Aurier is expected to follow.  Steve Cooper has got one hell of a job on his hands. Fulham have announced the signing of Leeds winger Daniel James on a season-long loan deal from Leeds. A bit of a surprise to some, maybe, but Jesse Marsch appears to he happy with letting him go even though a replacement is not coming in. Bold. Nottingham Forest have signed another player, this time in the form of exciting Blackpool talent Josh Bowler. They’ve promptly sent him on loan to Olympiacos, which is bound to please the Greek masses. Confirmation from the Premier League that four deal sheets were submitted before the 11pm deadline. That would suggest a deal we expected to happen is perhaps not going through - one move that definitely is off is Michy Batshuayi to Nottingham Forest. Turns out it was too last minute to get through the crowded arrivals gate at the City Ground. Four deal sheets were submitted by #PL clubs on time, ahead of prospective moves... Wolves have signed Mali midfielder Boubacar Traore on a season-long loan, subject to receiving a visa and work permit. Bruno Lage's side hold an option to make the move permanent next summer, which will also happen automatically should certain clauses be triggered. Awaiting for official confirmation from Chelsea but 90min understands that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s move from Barcelona is complete. Just a fancy signing video holding this one up you’d imagine. Comunicado oficial. Hector Bellerin is back in La Liga and he’s bagged a move to Barcelona after terminating his Arsenal contract. A one-year deal for the man with a wonderful moustache. Read the full story here. Leeds United are confident they have landed long-term target Wilfried Gnonto, an Italian international forward currently playing for FC Zurich. The window is officially CLOSED - but we still have deals to go through! We’re waiting for Aubameyang, Alonso, Zakaria, Gilmour and James among others… Aston Villa have completed the signing of Southampton centre-back Jan Bednarek on a season-long loan deal. West Ham the club seen off by Steven Gerrard's side. Southampton, meanwhile, have plugged the gap with Marseille’s Duje Caleta-Car on a four-year deal. Everton midfielder Andre Gomes has departed Goodison Park to join former Ligue 1 champions Lille. Wasn’t going to get much football under Frank Lampard so it’s a chance to rebuild his career. Fulham have completed the signing of striker Carlos Vinicius, formerly of Tottenham Hotspur loan fame. It’s a permanent deal and more striking firepower for Marco Silva at Craven Cottage. Juventus have confirmed that the Arthur loan deal has set Liverpool back €4.5m and includes a €37.5m buy option. Not the straight loan as first thought. Not long now until Daniel James becomes a Fulham player. Medical passed and loan move from Leeds set to be completed. Newcastle have allowed Federico Fernandez to join Elche on a permanent transfer. Likely the final bit of transfer business at St James’ Park after the club failed to agree a deal for West Ham’s Harrison Ashby. Arsenal have had that third deadline day bid for Aston Villa midfielder Douglas Luiz rejected. As said before, Stevie G's side have no desire to sell. Everton have completed the signing of 21-year-old midfielder James Garner on a permanent deal from Manchester United worth £15m including add-ons. Garner, who was actually born in Merseyside but joined the youth ranks at United from the age of eight, has signed a four-year contract with the Toffees until the summer of 2026. Full story here. Welcome, @jgarnerr96! 🔵 pic.twitter.com/Ax9hSaFha7 First it was Samuel Edozie, now it’s Juan Larios. Southampton have signed the 18-year-old left-back from Manchester City in a deal worth £6m. Building for the future is Ralph Hasenhuttl. Liverpool have completed the signing of Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo on a season-long loan deal - there is no option to buy for Jurgen Klopp's side. The Brazilian told the club's official website: “I’m really, really happy to be here wearing this great shirt with this famous badge that represents so much in world football, it’s a dream. “We talked a lot, and our ideas and visions were a good fit so I’m sure it was the right choice. I’m really happy and highly motivated to continue living my dream on the pitch and giving my all in a Liverpool shirt.” Arsenal have submitted a third deadline day bid for Aston Villa midfielder Douglas Luiz, 90min understands. The Gunners have submitted an offer of £25m plus add-ons for the Brazil international - Villa are adamant they don't want to sell. This time it's Manchester City forward Samuel Edozie on the way to St Mary's - a five-year contract and a £10m deal sealed. Season-long loan deal done for Ainsley Maitland-Niles - he has joined Southampton on loan from Arsenal for the 2022/23 campaign. Welcome to #SaintsFC, @MaitlandNiles 😇 Wondering what's still outstanding? On 90min's checklist is: The latter you might be wondering to where...turns out Batman is heading to Nottingham Forest to become their 45,971st signing of the summer! Leeds may not be signing Bamba Dieng anymore, but that won’t stop Daniel James from heading out of the club on loan. Sources have confirmed to 90min that the deal is pushing ahead and was not dependent on Leeds making a signing. Sergino Dest has joined reigning Serie A champions AC Milan on loan from Barcelona. The Rossoneri have negotiated an option to buy as part of the transfer, with the American moving to San Siro initially until the end of the 2022/23 season. Aston Villa have confirmed the signing of Wolves midfielder Leander Dendoncker for an undisclosed fee. The 27-year-old spent four years at Molineux, scoring 12 goals in 159 appearances. Paris Saint-Germain have announced the signing of Carlos Soler from Valencia. He becomes the second Spanish midfielder to join the club this summer following Fabian Ruiz’s move. Read more about his move here. Michy Batshuayi is on the verge of joining Nottingham Forest. Because of course he is. Ethan Ampadu is leaving Chelsea on loan. Again. After spending last season at Venezia, he will now link up with Spezia for the 2022/23 season. Youri Tielemans has been named in Leicester's starting lineup to face Manchester United this evening, pretty much ending other clubs' hopes of signing him before the deadline. Denis Zakaria is on the verge of signing for Chelsea on loan. The Blues have quickly reached an agreement with Juventus and the midfielder is now undergoing a medical in Turin. You can read more on the story here. Milan Skriniar has been heavily linked with a move from Inter, but the club have brought in another centre-back on deadline day instead. Veteran defender Francesco Acerbi has joined from Lazio on loan. Chelsea have approached Juventus over the possibility of signing Denis Zakaria on an initial loan. However, Juve informed the midfielder earlier this week that he would not be allowed to leave. Remember Julian Draxler? Yeah, he's still contracted by PSG. He's heading to Benfica on loan, but he'll be back at the Parc des Princes soon enough - they're in the same Champions League group. Arsenal's bid of £23m plus add-ons for Douglas Luiz has been rejected by Aston Villa. The West Midlands club are believed to be holding out for a £45m fee. Leeds were expecting Bamba Dieng to touch down at Leeds-Bradford airport two hours ago, but he never arrived. He has been at an airport terminal weighing up another offer from Nice, and so Leeds have now decided to withdraw their offer. Manchester United have announced the signing of Martin Dubravka on loan from Newcastle. He will become their new understudy to David de Gea. 🗣 Keeper talk.Looking forward to working with you this season, @HecoDubravka 👊#MUFC Reports in Ukraine state that Tottenham have had a £25m bid for highly-rated centre-back Illya Zabarnyi. The 20-year-old is now set to stay at Dynamo Kyiv. Blackpool star Josh Bowler is travelling for a medical ahead of a move to Nottingham Forest. The Premier League club are now deliberating over whether they should then loan him to Olympiacos. Former Chelsea and Arsenal winger Willian is back in the Premier League. The Brazilian has signed for Fulham on a one-year deal after leaving Corinthians earlier this month. Arsenal are ready to up their offer for Douglas Luiz, but Aston Villa are determined to keep hold of him. The Gunners have already had one bick knocked back by Villa on deadline day. You can ready more on the story here. Chelsea's board were initially reluctant to sell Billy Gilmour, but the Scotland international is now closing in on a permanent move to Brighton after a fee was agreed between the two clubs. Everton have finally confirmed that Idrissa Gueye has returned to the club on a two-year deal from PSG. "There is no better feeling than coming back home. I am very happy to be here at Everton again, to help and to work hard. I’ll give my soul to this team," the midfielder said. PSG have confirmed the departure of two players on loan, with Layvin Kurzawa heading to Fulham and Abdou Diallo moving to RB Leipzig. Could this signing be the catalyst for Edson Alvarez to leave? Potentially. A one-year deal has been signed by former Hoffenheim midfielder Florian Grillitsch with the option of a further two years. Crucially, he could fill the void Alvarez would leave. Ajax's Edson Alvarez was thrust into the spotlight late last night, after it emerged that Chelsea were interested in striking a €50m deal. 90min understands that the Mexican has now refused to train with his Ajax teammates, seemingly following the lead of Antony - who did exactly the same thing last week before completing a deadline day move to Manchester United. Read the full story here. Barcelona's whirlwind summer of transfers has taken everybody's breath away, but the fun isn't over just yet. Sergino Dest is one of many players to be ushered out of Camp Nou, though he's landing on his feet it seems with a loan move to reigning Serie A champions AC Milan. There will be an option to buy included in the deal, too, worth around €20m. Everton boss Frank Lampard is looking to bring players in, but there's also some outgoings expected at Goodison Park. One such player could be Andre Gomes, who is in talks with Ligue 1 side Lille over a possible move. An update now on Southampton centre-back Jan Bednarek, who 90min revealed could be heading to Aston Villa earlier instead of West Ham. That deal is moving ahead and the Poland international is expected to undergo a medical ahead of a season-long loan move to Villa Park. 💥 Following on from this, Jan Bednarek now travelling to Aston Villa for medical. Revealed earlier that #WHUFC move was in doubt and the Poland international is now closing on a move to the Midlands. https://t.co/13hjZzXcGO West Ham had a bid worth €8m for Torino wing back Ola Aina rejected.  The Hammers are looking to strengthen their defensive options, both centrally and out wide, and targeted Aina after sending scouts to Italy. An improved offer could be forthcoming. Martin Braithwaite's Barcelona adventure, which has been tumultuous to say the least, is finally drawing to an end. The paperwork to terminate his contract has ben signed and he's ready to put pen-to-paper on a three-year deal at Espanyol. Bournemouth have boosted their squad with the loan signing of Southampton defender Jack Stephens. That's the first bit of deadline day movement from the Cherries, who dispensed with manager Scott Parker earlier in the week. Welcome to #afcb, Jack Stephens 🤝 pic.twitter.com/KKpzfkU63s Paris Saint-Germain have allowed some central defenders to depart this summer - most notably Thilo Kehrer to West Ham - and it's not out of the question that the Ligue 1 giants resume their interest in Inter's Milan Skriniar. Reports in France suggest a last-gasp bid is on the horizon, though Inter have previously declared publicly that the Slovakian is not for sale. Could legendary former Real Madrid full-back Marcelo he on his way to Leicester City? That's the sudden rumour doing the rounds on Twitter, with talk of a one-year deal shaking social media to its core. Surely not... Southampton have taken a real liking to signing young Manchester City talent, and that looks set to continue with the double addition of Sam Edozie and Juan Larios. Romeo Lavia and Gavin Bazunu have already arrived from the Etihad, as has Joe Shields to head up Southampton's recruitment department, and Edozie and Larios look to be on their way for a combined £16m. Watford will not be losing Brazilian forward Joao Pedro this summer after he committed his immediate future to the Hornets. Newcastle United and Everton were interested in signing the 20-year-old, but a post from the player on Instagram has confirmed he won't be leaving Vicarage Road. "I'm very happy here. I love being at Watford and I want to do more with them. I spoke to the board and I am fully committed to the club and look forward to a successful season. Let's go Hornets." Newcastle, meanwhile, have turned down an approach from Watford for striker Chris Wood. Brighton & Hove Albion are hopeful of completing a permanent deal for Chelsea midfielder Billy Gilmour. Once a rising star at Stamford Bridge, the Scotland international now appears to be surplus to requirements under Thomas Tuchel, and could benefit from uniting with Graham Potter - a manager known for developing young players. A loan is out of the question as Levi Colwill is already at the Amex on a temporary basis. Arsenal are continuing to hold talks with Hector Bellerin over a termination of his contract. Barcelona is expected to be his next landing spot, with Real Betis, the side he was on loan at last season, no longer in the running for a permanent transfer. It's yet another summer signing for Nottingham Forest and this time it's Wolves defender Willy Boly who has signed on the dotted line at the City Ground. The 31-year-old moves on after making 125 league appearances for Wolves in a five-year Molineux spell. We told you earlier about Aston Villa jumping ahead of West Ham in the pursuit of Jan Bednarek. Click the image above to access the full story. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is on his way to London to undergo a medical with Chelsea, 90min understands. While he looks to be heading to Stamford Bridge, Marcos Alonso is heading the other way to join Barcelona. He's already in Spain and will undergo tests before a move to Camp Nou is sealed. Chelsea remain interested in signing Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace although the focus right now is on tying up a deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Conor Gallagher, meanwhile, could still leave Stamford Bridge depending on other circumstances and whether or not a club really pushes for him. Crystal Palace are his most likely destination, should the chance to leave come about. Wilfried Zaha remains an option for Chelsea - Conor Gallagher returning to Crystal Palace on-loan, can't be ruled out at this stage.@90min_Football https://t.co/Ff46e63rVp Remember Carlos Vinicius? Well, if you don't, it's time to refresh your memory. Once on loan at Tottenham Hotspur, he's now closing on a return to the Premier League with new boys Fulham. A permanent move is in the offing, and the latest step to strengthening Marco Silva's front line. Newcastle are holding talks with West Ham United over a deal for promising full-back Harrison Ashby. The 20-year-old's contract at London Stadium is up at the end of the season, and the Magpies are now working on a deal to take him to St James' Park, sources have confirmed to 90min. 💥 Newcastle in ongoing talks with #WHUFC over a deal for young right-back Harrison Ashby, confirmed by my colleague @GraemeBailey.Current contract at London Stadium is up at the end of this season. It appears that despite the best efforts of Barcelona and head coach Xavi, Jordi Alba will not be pushed into leaving the club. The Spaniard is on huge wages at Camp Nou and the Catalan giants want rid as a result, but he's got no desire to be moved on. Memphis Depay, however, could terminate his contract with the club today, opening up the possibility of a free transfer elsewhere. Fulham have entered the race to sign Leeds winger Dan James, 90min understands, but face competition for his signature from Tottenham and other Premier League clubs. The Cottagers' interest is a result of missing out on Bamba Dieng, who appears to be Leeds United bound, and the rejection of a bid for Blackburn's Ben Brereton Diaz. One story to break first thing this morning was PSV Eindhoven deciding to keep hold of in-demand forward Cody Gakpo. Southampton, Leeds and Manchester United have been linked with the Dutchman, but it now appears that a move to the Premier League is off the cards for now. Leicester City have completed the signing of Reims defender Wout Faes, who will replace Wesley Fofana in the heart of the Foxes defence. A much-needed incoming for Brendan Rodgers after a pretty miserable transfer window to date, with the deal set to cost Leicester around £15m. Transfer deadline day is alive and kicking. West Ham had seemed to be on the verge of signing Jan Bednarek from Southampton earlier this morning, but 90min now understands Aston Villa are heading the queue after the Hammers backed away. Full story to come from Toby Cudworth.... 💥 Hearing Jan Bednarek could now be heading to Aston Villa on loan and not #WHUFC as previously thought - transfer deadline day twists and turns have started.Story to follow on @90min_Football ⏳ https://t.co/BZhFn79Z8i Aston Villa have rejected a £20m plus add-ons bid from Arsenal for Brazilian midfielder Douglas Luiz. The Villans insist he's not for sale on deadline day, with the Gunners on the lookout for additional players after Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey suffered injuries. Chelsea target Josko Gvardiol has signed a one-year contract extension at RB Leipzig, committing his future to the club until 2027. It's understood the move is to preserve his value, with Chelsea hoping to agree a summer 2023 transfer worth around £80m. Fulham have had a bid for Blackburn Rovers forward Ben Brereton Diaz rejected, 90min understands, with the Cottagers looking at alternative options to Justin Kluivert. The Dutchman saw a move to Craven Cottage collapse after he failed to obtain a work permit, but Marco Silva is now scouring elsewhere for forward options. Chelsea are confident that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will complete his transfer from Barcelona before the transfer window slams shut. Sources have told 90min that a £10m bid plus Marcos Alonso - a long-term Barcelona target - is on the table and both sides believe an agreement is near. The full story on Aubameyang's future can be found here. Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard is under pressure after four defeats in five Premier League games, and it looks like transfer activity is on the horizon. An enquiry has been made for Tottenham winger Lucas Moura, who has seen his game time marginalised under Antonio Conte so far this season. Read more about Villa's interest here. Manchester City have completed the signing of Borussia Dortmund central defender Manuel Akanji on a five-year deal. He's moved to the Etihad Stadium in a deal worth £17m, and should be available to make his debut this weekend should Pep Guardiola wish to call upon him. Read more about his move here. Wolves are closing in on the signing of West Ham central defender Craig Dawson, who has expressed a desire to move closer to his family home, and he looks likely to be replaced by Jan Bednarek on loan. The Polish international has dropped down the pecking order at St Mary's and would provide David Moyes with the cover he requires in central defence. Juventus' Arthur Melo has been spotted at the airport preparing to travel to England for his Liverpool medical. Here’s Arthur Melo traveling to UK right now in order to complete his move to Liverpool on loan. 🚨🔴🛩 #LFC #DeadlineDay@romeoagresti ⤵️🎥 pic.twitter.com/92aB2yJxQ2 Southampton have confirmed the departure of long-serving midfielder Oriol Romeu to La Liga outfit Girona. The Spaniard made 256 appearances for the club during a seven-year spell, but departs for pastures new after Ralph Hasenhuttl freshened up his midfield with a number of younger options this summer. A statement thanking Romeu said: "Oriol departs with the very best wishes of everyone at Southampton Football Club, and we would like to express our gratitude to him for his dedication and magnificent efforts both on and off the pitch during his time here. We wish him every success in the future." Bernardo Silva has confirmed he won't be leaving Manchester City for Barcelona this summer. The Portuguese midfielder has been strongly linked with a move to the Catalan giants, but Pep Guardiola has maintained all summer long that he'd like the 28-year-old to stay put - as long as he's not unhappy. Read what Bernardo had to say here. Manchester United have finally completed the signing of Antony on a five-year deal from Ajax. The 22-year-old Brazilian joins in a move worth €100m (£85m), and reunites with Erik ten Hag after weeks and weeks of speculation. Read more about his move to Old Trafford here. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp said the club would look for a midfielder after being decimated by injuries and it appears Juventus' Arthur Melo is the solution. The Serie A giants have been trying to push the Brazilian to anybody that will take him, and a loan move to Anfield is now on the horizon. A medical is now expected for the 26-year-old, who previously played for Barcelona. RC Lens midfielder Seko Fofana is a player Arsenal and Newcastle have been tracking this summer, but he won't be moving to the Premier League after surprisingly signing a new deal until 2025. Fans stayed behind after the win over Lorient to watch the Ivory Coast international sign fresh terms, which ended up leaving the player a tad emotional. Nice scenes. Watch what happened here. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta admitted after the 2-1 win over Aston Villa on Wednesday that his side may need to sign a midfielder after Mohamed Elneny sustained a serious injury at the weekend. The Spaniard is also without Thomas Partey, and that prompted the Spaniard to admit that a fresh face could come in - Leicester's Youri Tielemans, out of contract next summer, has long been linked. "[Elneny's injury] has an impact because also Thomas is injured, and we are a bit short in that position. We have Sambi, players like Granit can play there, but we are looking at options in the market. The club has been super supportive to try to keep improving the team and the squad as we can. If the right player is there and we can do it, we will try." There's been a mountain of speculation over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, but it appears he'll be staying at Manchester United despite his wish to play Champions League football. Here's what Erik ten Hag had to say about his future at United during his pre-match press conference before the trip to Leicester. It's hard keeping of track of who has gone where in the Premier League this summer, but don't worry, 90min has been covering all bases ever since the window opened. Below you can find a comprehensive list of every deal involving the 20 teams competing in this season's top flight. There's nothing like kicking off your deadline day with the latest rumours circulating from around Europe. Edson Alvarez, Douglas Luiz and Cody Gakpo are among those making the headlines elsewhere, with a number of other players potentially packing their suitcases in preparation for pastures new. Welcome to 90min's coverage of Transfer Deadline Day 2022, where the window will slam shut at 11pm.
