Viktor Gyokeres: Premier League clubs maintain interest in Coventry striker
Mar 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/viktor-gyokeres-premier-league-clubs-maintain-interest-coventry-striker
Coventry City are bracing themselves for a wave of summer bids from Premier League clubs for star striker Viktor Gyokeres, 90min understands. The Sweden international is among the Championship's leading scorers this season, with 18 goals in 38 games for the Sky Blues thus far. Mark Robins' side sit eighth in the table and are only three points outside the play-off places, though they may need to get back into the Premier League for the first time since relegation in 2001 if they are to keep hold of Gyokeres. Sources have told 90min that Brentford, Crystal Palace, Everton, Leeds and Leicester are all monitoring the 24-year-old, while any teams who achieve promotion from the Championship are expected to be in the mix as well. READ NEXT manual Coventry are expected to demand a fee of at least £20m - a slightly higher figure than the tentative asking price they set during the January transfer window. During that window, Brentford, Crystal Palace, Everton, Leeds and Wolves all made enquiries about Gyokeres, though he remained at the CBS Arena. Gyokeres was previously on the books at Brighton, scoring just once in eight appearances for the Seagulls. However, he failed to play a single minute of Premier League football during his time on the south coast. Gyokeres hardly looked like a competent forward at Brighton or during his three loan spells while with the club. A stint with German side St Pauli in which he scored a respectable seven goals in 26 games was followed by three in the Championship during the 2020/21 season across 30 games for Swansea and Coventry, both loans. It wasn't until Gyokeres joined Coventry on a permanent deal at the start of the 2021/22 season that the goals started to flow, ending his first full season at the club with 17 goals in 45 Championship games. LISTEN NOW
