Everton's move for Idrissa Gueye stalling over fee dispute
Aug 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/everton-move-idrissa-gueye-stalling-fee-dispute
Everton's attempts to bring midfielder Idrissa Gueye back to the club from Paris Saint-Germain have hit a wall, 90min understands, with the two sides so far failing to agree a fee for the Senegal international. Gueye has been told he does not feature in PSG manager Christophe Galtier's plans for the season and he, like Leandro Paredes, have been encouraged to find new clubs with whom they can continue the campaign. Paredes has agreed terms with Juventus and Gueye had been nearing a return to Everton, two years after leaving for Paris in a £30m deal, but sources have confirmed to 90min that talks between PSG and the Toffees have stalled. Gueye has agreed to lower his wages in order to return to Everton, where he enjoyed an impressive three years, but he is looking for compensation from PSG to do so and the French side have asked Everton to contribute to that. The Toffees had expected to land Gueye for a knockdown price but sources close to the deal believe this latest twist could see the move collapse, with Everton already looking at possible alternatives. Despite having already signed Amadou Onana from Lille in a deal worth around £33m, Everton are still looking to bolster in midfield and scouts have been instructed to keep an eye on Red Bull Salzburg's Mohamed Camara. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Club officials remain keen to lure Gueye back to Goodison Park and give him the chance to add to his 108 appearances for the club, but concerns over the fee involved in the deal could see them turn elsewhere.
