Liverpool continuing search for late-window midfield reinforcements
Aug 27, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/liverpool-continuing-search-for-late-window-midfield-reinforcements
Liverpool are continuing to scour the transfer market to double check that there currently aren't any suitable midfield options available to them, 90min understands. The Reds have been insistent that they won't sign any players as stop-gaps or temporary solutions. However, Liverpool have always been open to bringing in a new midfielder this summer if the right one was available - Aurelien Tchouameni came close to joining them before eventually signing for Real Madrid. After a disastrous start to the new season - with many pointing to Liverpool's midfield as the main issue - the club are looking at options. Liverpool are currently without the likes of Naby Keita, Thiago and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain due to injury, meaning veteran James Milner and youngster Harvey Elliott started Monday's defeat at Manchester United. At the behest of the club's hierarchy, including Jurgen Klopp, Liverpool have been doing - at least as they see it - their due diligence on the current market. Liverpool's scouts have put together reports on a number of players that are currently available, but they have again come up with few options that meet their demanding criteria. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's potential move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! It is believed there were some positive reports on a few players, including Wolves' Ruben Neves and RB Leipzig's Konrad Laimer. The latter has one year left on his deal and will not be signing a new one. His situation is one that is believed to have raised some interest within Liverpool - Bayern Munich's courting of him has been public but they have not yet struck a deal with Leipzig. Ralf Rangnick recommended Laimer as an option to Manchester United earlier this year, and it is believed that Laimer is focussed on a move to Bayern either this month or next summer on a free transfer. But it remains to be seen if he would rebuff the advances of another European giant like Liverpool. However, Bayern are the only club to have at least tried to test Leipzig's resolve thus far. RB Leipzig CEO Oliver Mintzlaff said last week that they believed the most likely scenario was that Laimer would remain with them this summer.
