Newcastle confirm signing of Kieran Trippier
Jan 7, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-confirm-signing-of-kieran-trippier
Newcastle have completed the £15m signing of Kieran Trippier from Atletico Madrid. The 31-year-old has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal at St James' Park, with the option of an additional year, and is the first signing since the club's Saudi-backed takeover in October. Introducing the first signing of our new era... ???????⚫️⚪️ pic.twitter.com/ePn49XQia2 Speaking to the club's official website after Newcastle confirmed his arrival, Trippier, who won La Liga last season and played a significant role as England reached the final of Euro 2020, said: "I'm delighted to be joining this fantastic club. I really enjoyed my time in Madrid, but when I became aware of interest from Newcastle United, and having worked with Eddie Howe before, I knew this was where I wanted to be. "I'm aware there is a lot of work ahead of us but I know the demands of Premier League well and I know what an amazing club this is with very talented players. I can't wait to get started and I'm excited to step out at St. James' Park as a Newcastle player." Newcastle United head coach Eddie Howe added: "I am really pleased to welcome Kieran to Newcastle United. I have long admired his abilities and have followed his career, so when the opportunity arose to secure him, we didn't hesitate. "A lot of hard work has gone into planning for the January transfer window long before the month began, which is clear in how quickly we have been able to complete this move. I would like to thank everyone involved, particularly our owners, and I'm very much looking forward to working with Kieran again on the training pitch." 90min understands Trippier's contract will make him the highest paid player in Newcastle's history, and will represent a near 50% increase on the £80,000-per-week wages he's been taking home at Atletico over the past two-and-a-half-years. There will also be no release clause in the former Manchester City trainee's contract, meaning he will remain in the North East even if Newcastle are relegated at the end of the season. That fate is a very real possibility as it stands, with the Magpies currently 19th in the Premier League table. They have won just one of their first 19 games this season, though astonishingly they are just two points away from safety despite that dismal record.
