Kai Havertz Reveals Frank Lampard Had 'Big Impact' on Decision to Join Chelsea
Sep 5, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/kai-havertz-frank-lampard-big-impact-decision-chelsea-transfer
Chelsea's new signing Kai Havertz has revealed that manager Frank Lampard had a major impact on his decision to make the move to west London, with the German keen to learn from the former midfielder.  The 21-year-old finally completed his switch to Stamford Bridge on Friday evening, with Havertz signing a five-year deal. Chelsea are understood to have paid an initial £72m for his services, potentially rising to £90m with add-ons.  Chelsea have got their man - Kai Havertz has officially signed from Bayer Leverkusen! ✍️ pic.twitter.com/PjwodWUFt9 Havertz - who was linked with a move to just about every top club in Europe - enjoyed another outstanding season in 2019/20, grabbing 18 goals and nine assists in all competitions. After the move was confirmed, he was keen to explain the role boss Lampard played in his decision to move to Stamford Bridge.  The former Leverkusen attacking midfielder - who has been compared to Michael Ballack - explained that he is keen to learn from Lampard and believes he will help him develop as a player.  "Of course he had a big impact on my decision because I loved him as a player and watched him very often, and I think I can learn from him now he is a manager as well. I think he is a very humble person and a great guy and I can’t wait to play with him and learn from him," Havertz told Chelsea's official website. He’s here! Welcome to Chelsea, @KaiHavertz29! ?#HiKai ? "He was very offensive like me and he loves to score goals, and I love to score goals as well so I think he will help me a lot in my position. Also maybe on the things that I can improve and I can’t wait to work with him." Of course, despite playing in midfield, Lampard remains the Blues' top goalscorer, having found the net 211 times for the Premier League outfit.  Elsewhere, Havertz further added that he has joined Chelsea with the aim of winning titles and trophies. While it will take time for him to settle in his new home, he will be surrounded by some familiar faces in Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner. He added: "I think it is very exciting because Chelsea has very young players and I know some of the players like Timo [Werner] and Toni [Rudiger]. I have played with them in the national team and they are good friends of mine and so I think this is very good for me. 
