Sheffield United's Transfer Window: Grading the Blades' Summer Business
Oct 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sheffield-united-transfer-window-grading-blades-summer-business
It's been a concerning start to their second season back in the Premier League for Sheffield United fans, but there's a long way to go and by no means does it spell disaster just yet. Chris Wilder has performed miracles with the Blades as head coach and did so once again last season, taking the side to a ninth place finish. It's never as easy the second time round, however, and this season will prove to be the ultimate sink or swim campaign for United. Reinforcements were no doubt needed, but there are still question marks as to whether it's a squad that can stay afloat in the English top flight. The Blades had to replace one of the league's best goalkeepers from last season which immediately put them on the back foot, as well as addressing other problem areas. How exactly did they do in the transfer market? There's only one way to find out. Here's how 90min have graded Sheffield United's summer transfer business.  Very excited to have joined @sheffieldunited! Can’t wait to meet everyone around my new home and give everything for the shirt. New chapter & hungrier than ever. Let’s goo! ?‍☠️ A post shared by  RhianBrewster (@rhianbrewster) on Oct 2, 2020 at 10:20am PDT Signed From: Liverpool (£23.5m) Grade: B- Yes, this is an exciting signing and shows that the board at Sheffield United are clearly trying to build something for the future with young, talented players. Brewster solves the headache caused by the Blades missing a technical and agile number nine last season, but he is still just 20 and now has a lot of weight on his shoulders to deliver. The Englishman is yet to play any regular Premier League football, and it's not going to happen overnight. The Blades could either look like geniuses, or a little bit stupid. Signed From: Bournemouth (£18.5m) Grade: B There's very few goalkeepers that Sheffield United could have signed who would have matched the abilities of Dean Henderson. The Englishman spent two seasons with the club on loan from Manchester United but is now back at Old Trafford, so the Blades have re-signed Ramsdale. He impressed in a relegated Bournemouth side and again fits the bill of a youthful building project at just 22 years old. The Blades' hands were tied on this one, but Ramsdale is a solid signing and a good use of raiding a relegated club. Signed From: West Brom (swap deal) Grade: C This one's a bit of a weird one. Burke signed for West Brom for £15m in 2017 but has failed to live up to the price tag at the Hawthorns, so a move to a side arguably better than the Baggies was unexpected. Still, he adds depth in attack and the swap deal has allowed Callum Robinson to move the other way. Wilder clearly sees something in the 23-year-old and if anyone's going to get it out of him, Wilder can.  Welcome, Jayden & Max ✍️ A post shared by  Sheffield United (@sheffieldunited) on Sep 7, 2020 at 11:02am PDT Signed From: Derby (£15m) Grade: B Sheffield United pulled off a mini-raid of Derby County, snatching up both Bogle and Lowe for a fee of around £15m which is potentially a steal for two young players. Both Bogle and Lowe provide an energetic backup to United's current wing back options on either flank, but at just 20 and 23 respectively, cannot be considered immediate starters. The pair impressed in the Championship for Derby and their energetic, attacking performances suit United's style down to a tee. Whether they can fulfil the wing back role in the top flight is another ask, but even if Sheffield United are relegated in the worst case scenario, their squad is padded out with proven, Championship level quality.  Good to play my first game for The Blades! Disappointing we couldn’t make it through to the next round, but we worked hard and we will go again.⚽️ A post shared by  Ethan Ampadu (@ethanamp26) on Sep 17, 2020 at 2:32pm PDT Signed From: Chelsea (loan) Grade: A- There's a clear pattern here with recruitment and, even if there are questions over the quality of some players signed, the consistency and ability to pull off the recruitment plan is impressive. Ampadu joins the Blades on a season-long loan from Chelsea and slots in seamlessly to Wilder's squad. Versatile, young and full of talent, the Welshman could be key for them this season in a number of positions. At 20 years old, Ampadu still has a lot to learn and needs the regular Premier League minutes this season, but he already plays like someone wise beyond his years. Great coup for United.  Very proud to sign a 3 year deal at such a prestigious club @sheffieldunited ⚔️ Can’t wait to get started ?⚪️⚫️ #sufc A post shared by  Kacper Łopata (@kasperlopata) on Aug 25, 2020 at 12:19pm PDT Signed From: Brighton (free transfer) Grade: C 19-year-old Lopata joins United following his release from Brighton after two years with the club. Despite loans back to his native Poland, he never managed to break in with the Seagulls, but he has another chance in the English top flight up north. Lopata is unlikely to be in the first-team picture straight away and will have to prove himself behind the scenes in order to get a sniff of the top level action. Watch this space. Signed From: Rangers (free transfer) Grade: C Picking up a keeper who's heading into their prime after years of regular game time is by no means bad business, but is Foderingham really good enough for the Premier League? The former England Under-19 international is now 29 and joined the Blades on a free after five years at Rangers, where he was number one until more recent times. A switch up in the goalkeeper department is never an easy process and Foderingham will get the chance to prove himself in cup games, but it's hardly a signing that sets the world alight. He'll play back up to Ramsdale, but it'll be interesting to see how he performs should he find himself getting a stint of regular minutes. Sheffield United have signed Sarpsborg 08 midfielder Ismaila Coulibaly. The 19 year old from Mali has scored 4 and has 1 assist in 14 games this season. Coulibaly has been immediately been loan to the Prince's club in Belgium, K Beerschot VA.#twitterblades #sufc pic.twitter.com/78e834rFSa Signed From: Sarpsborg 08 (undisclosed) Grade: C+ Coulibaly isn't a name fans other than United supporters will have heard of, but the midfielder is just 19 and is highly rated by those who have seen him play. He's been immediately sent out on loan to Belgium upon his arrival, meaning his impact this season will be insignificant, but with success out in Europe, he may well find himself back in the plans in Yorkshire should he find form and a work permit. It's another young signing with an eye towards the future, which nobody can grumble at. Ismaila Coulibaly scored on his debut yesterday. ??#GNTBEE #TOGETHERWEBUILDHISTORY pic.twitter.com/ydeWgKFqKI Transferred to: Beerschot (loan) Grade: B Name rings a bell, doesn't it? Coulibaly was out of the door as quickly as he went through it at Sheffield United, heading to the Belgian top flight with Beerschot on a three-year loan. Yes, three years. A three-year loan is a bit unheard of, truth be told, but it's better to loan him to one club - who happen to be owned by Blades owner Prince Abdullah - rather than have him flung across Europe with no real consistency in an attempt to gain a work permit. It's smart business and a win-win for the club. Red Bull Sheffield United. Transferred to: Shrewsbury Town (free) Grade: A Now 35, Clarke has enjoyed his best years. He's been a loyal servant to the Blades since 2016 and was ideal as the experienced head in the Championship, but now was the best time to move on. Clarke did make his Premier League debut aged 34 last season which will always be one for him to cherish, but he had to move in order to find regular football - he's been surplus to requirements since the start of 2019. Best move for all parties.  Gods timing  It’s a cold ? world ?  But thanks everyone who supports me I love use all? There’s always light ? at the end of the tunnel if you never Give up & that’s for everyone, just believe in yourself. A post shared by  ravel morrison (@1ravel) on Oct 14, 2020 at 12:30pm PDT Transferred to: ADO Den Haag (free) Grade: C Where has it all gone wrong for Ravel Morrison? A product of the Manchester United youth academy, many ex-pros and staff around the Red Devils had him rated higher than Paul Pogba on pure footballing ability, but he's been unable to knuckle down and make good on his talent. He's had chance after chance to kick on and prove his worth and Sheffield United felt like the perfect place for him to blossom in his peak years, but it hasn't happened. Now 27, he's left for ADO Den Haag in the Netherlands. What could've been for the once electric youngster. Transferred to: West Brom (swap deal) Grade: C Robinson moved to West Brom in a deal that saw Burke head to United. Losing a key player to a direct Premier League rival without recouping a transfer fee isn't exactly the smartest business, but it did get another body into the squad. Robinson spent the 2019/20 season on loan with the Baggies and hasn't been fancied in Sheffield since signing in January 2019, so it made sense to get him off the books while the interest was still there. A lack of a fee is disappointing, but not significant. Transferred to: Fleetwood Town (free) Grade: B+ Similarly to Clarke, Duffy's time as an important piece of the jigsaw at Sheffield United is up.  The 35-year-old spent last season out on loan and has never been considered as a part of the squad being built within the Premier League, so it made sense to let him go upon the expiry of his deal. Fleetwood get an experienced signing, the Blades free up some wages. Win win.  Buzzing to be here.. Can’t wait for the season to get underway! ??⚪️ A post shared by  Jake Eastwood (@jeastwood96) on Jul 31, 2020 at 8:33am PDT Transferred to: Kilmarnock (loan) Grade: C- 24 is by no means old for a goalkeeper, but sending Eastwood out on loan to Kilmarnock after years of loan spells is yet another dead end for the academy product. If we're being realistic, his best chances of breaking into the first-team picture were this season following Henderson's departure and the subsequent goalkeeper shake up. It hasn't happened, though, and perhaps a permanent move should've been explored.  I’m really exited to be joining @officialnffc a great club, steeped in so much tradition and history.  I have always loved playing at The City Ground and can’t wait to meet all the fans when we can get back to enjoying football safely together again. ⚽️?  It was a tough year not getting the chances to play as regularly as every footballer wants to at @sheffieldunited but I am very grateful for those opportunities to perform in the Premier League. I have made some great friends in the players and staff there and wish them and the fans the best of luck for the new season. ⚔️❤️ This season is all about one thing now for me though and that is getting this great club to the Premier League where it belongs. #COYR #YOUREDS ??? A post shared by  Luke Freeman (@officiallukefreeman) on Aug 29, 2020 at 1:04am PDT Transferred to: Nottingham Forest (loan) Grade: D Freeman only joined United last summer for an undisclosed club record fee and is already being shipped out on loan one year later. They haven't done too much catastrophic business, but this one has clearly missed the mark. By quite a lot. Freeman will likely play a key part to Forest's campaign this season, and a permanent move could be made at the end of the season.  ? A post shared by  Regan Slater (@reganslater) on Sep 30, 2020 at 5:42am PDT Transferred to: Hull City (loan) Grade: B
