Newcastle Complete Signing of Jamal Lewis From Norwich for £15m
Sep 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-complete-signing-jamal-lewis-norwich
Newcastle have completed the signing of left back Jamal Lewis from Norwich for a fee of around £15m. Liverpool had previously shown interest in the 22-year-old earlier in the window and had a £10m bid rejected, but Newcastle have since been the ones to pursue their interest and get the deal over the line. Lewis had his medical early on Tuesday morning as the Magpies looked to get the defender into their squad in time for their opening game of the 2020/21 season on Saturday against West Ham. ✍️ #NUFC are delighted to announce the signing of Jamal Lewis from Norwich City on a five-year deal!Welcome, Jamal! ? The Northern Ireland international becomes Newcastle's fourth signing of the summer, following the arrivals of Jeff Hendrick and Ryan Fraser on free transfers and striker Callum Wilson from Bournemouth. Speaking to Newcastle's website, Lewis said: "It was a little bit unexpected but it was something that I was obviously looking forward to when I heard that there was serious interest, so I'm delighted to be here now. "Newcastle's such a great club with such history and I knew it was an opportunity I would love to take with both hands." Manager Steve Bruce added: "Jamal is a very exciting prospect. I watched him flourish in the Championship two years ago and he made a real fist of it in the Premier League last season. "He is only 22 years old and has a wonderful future ahead of him so I hope he is a Newcastle United full back for years to come. "It's been a great week for us with incoming players. We have had to be patient but these players improve us, which is key." ??#NUFC pic.twitter.com/Jhf2CbLAFT Wilson joined the club in a £20m move from Bournemouth, who were relegated to the Championship at the end of last season, while Fraser joined on a free after leaving the Cherries at the end of his contract on 30 June. Newcastle had previously been quoted a price closer to £18m for Lewis, but after exploring other options which included Sassuolo's Rogerio, they were able to strike a deal for the Northern Irishman.
