Arsenal transfer rumours: Partey explores Saudi move; Gunners step up Lavia interest
Jun 19, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-transfer-rumours-partey-saudi-move-lavia-interest-19-6-23
90min rounds up the latest Arsenal transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Arsenal will step up their interest in Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia - the young Belgian shares an agent with Gunners forward Bukayo Saka. (Fabrizio Romano) Brighton have made a higher bid than Arsenal for Galatasaray right back Sacha Boey, who joined the Turkish side for €1.15m in 2021. (Milliyet) Paris Saint-Germain are close to confirming Luis Enrique as their new manager - the French giants had wanted talks with Mikel Arteta, but the Spaniard never considered leaving Arsenal this summer. (90min) Arsenal are willing to let Thomas Partey leave as part of a midfield overhaul. The former Atletico Madrid man still has two years left on his contract. (Telegraph) Partey has been given permission to explore a move to Saudi Arabia. The Gunners are hopeful of turning a profit on the £45m they paid in 2020. (90min) There remains confidence that a deal for Chelsea forward Kai Havertz will be struck. The Germany international is rated at £70m by the Blues and Arsenal have already had one offer rejected. (Sun) manual Barcelona are close to wrapping up a deal for Ilkay Gundogan on a free transfer from Manchester City. Arsenal had held an interest, while there was also a late offer from Karim Benzema's new Saudi Arabian side Al Ittihad. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has been left 'fuming' by the club's drawn out takeover saga which has checked their progress against Arsenal in the hunt for Declan Rice. (Sun) Kieran Tierney is likely to stay at the Emirates next season following positive talks early in the summer. The Scotsman has struggled with injury while Oleksandr Zinchenko has impressed at left back. (Football Transfers) Arsenal are keeping tabs on Leicester winger Harvey Barnes, who is also a target for Tottenham and West Ham. (Mail)
