Leicester Make Bid for Trabzonspor Midfielder Abdulkadir Parmak
Jul 22, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-make-bid-for-trabzonspor-midfielder-abdulkadir-parmak
Leicester have made an offer for Trabzonspor midfielder Abdulkadir Parmak, according to reports in Turkey.  The 25-year-old has been ever present for the six-time Turkish champions this season, making 43 appearances in all competitions and scoring three goals.  Trabzonspor were challenging at the top of the table for much of the season but have fallen away recently and now look set to finish in second place with one game to play. Their disappointment has been compounded by news that one of their top performers could be tempted away to the Premier League.  As reported by Asist Analiz (via SportWitness), Leicester have made a €10m (£9.1m) bid for Parmak as Brendan Rodgers looks to inject new life into his out of form squad next season. The Turkey international is under contract at the Medical Park Stadium for another three years but Trabzonspor are willing to let him secure a dream move to England.  Parmak came up through the youth ranks at club before being farmed out to affiliated side 1461 Trabzon between 2013 and 2016. Even after getting called up to the senior side, he struggled to break into the first team and was sent out on loan during the 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 seasons. Waking up in the centre circle of Old Trafford...Raising money for the NHS and Key Workers...Loving a cheeky Dominos...@JesseLingard revealed all the important issues when he spoke to @benhainess for ?????9. ?@CallofDuty | #Warzone pic.twitter.com/r2it5wEjcQ He finally broke through at his boyhood club this campaign, with a move from out wide into central midfield proving the catalyst in his development into a key player.  Leicester have also been linked with Trabzonspor goalkeeper Uğurcan Çakır of late, who has been subject to interest from Chelsea recently. The Foxes already have one Turkey international in their squad, Caglar Soyuncu, and they have been linked with Juventus defender Merih Demiral in the past. 
