Antoine Griezmann Tipped to Stay at Barcelona Despite Reports of Premier League Move
Sep 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/antoine-griezmann-tipped-stay-at-barcelona-despite-reports-liverpool-manchester-united-transfer
Antoine Griezmann has no intention of leaving Barcelona this summer, despite reports linking him with a move to the Premier League. Griezmann endured a difficult debut season at Barcelona as both Ernesto Valverde and Quique Setien struggled to find systems which suited the World Cup winner's skill set.  He was often thrust out to the left wing under Valverde before finding himself as a frequent occupier of the substitutes bench after La Liga's restart in June.  Much of his issues in Catalonia boil down to the fact that he likes to occupy the same zones on the pitch as Lionel Messi, and news of the Argentine's U-turn in regards to his future wasn't exactly music to the ears of Griezmann.  Thus, the Daily Mail reported that Ronald Koeman's plans for the Frenchman are now in tatters following Messi's decision to stay. The report also claims that several top English sides are on 'fresh alert' over 29-year-old Griezmann's situation, listing Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United as having held previous interest. Le football ❤️ pic.twitter.com/b6rUrmfeXS Manchester United and Arsenal were both once supposed admirers, but neither are likely to strike a deal this summer. United are focussing on a move for Jadon Sancho after securing the signing of Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek, while the Gunners' priorities also lie elsewhere.  Liverpool, meanwhile, appear incredible unlikely to spend big this summer, while a player of Griezmann's age and wage would not fit in with the club's much-heralded transfer strategy. Meanwhile, Catalonia-based news outlet Mundo Deportivo has been quick to rubbish any claims linking Griezmann with a swift departure.  The source notes that the player has 'no intention' of leaving the club this summer and is firmly focused on enjoying a resurgence in Blaugrana colours next season. Griezmann is desperate to be a success at Barcelona after signing for £107m last summer. 
