The Best Deadline Day Signings You May Have Missed From Around Europe
Oct 7, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/the-best-deadline-day-signings-you-may-have-missed-from-around-europe
There's always a great deal of expectation and excitement on deadline day as fans impatiently wait on news of whether their club have finally agreed a deal to sign their primary target (yes, Manchester United fans, we get it, the Jadon Sancho saga was a mess).  But sometimes, just sometimes, deadline day fails to live up to the hype. But not this time. Man Utd completed four deals, one of them being Edinson Cavani, while Arsenal were also able to complete the signing of Thomas Partey just in time. Oh yes, after countless angry Twitter posts, Arsenal fans were finally granted their wish!  But with these big money deals dominating the headlines, there were a number of other interesting moves on deadline day which went somewhat under the radar. Here, we take a look at some of the biggest deals from around Europe on deadline day which you may have missed... ?✍️ @PSG_English is pleased to announce the loan signing of ?????? ??????? from FC Porto. The 29-year-old Portuguese midfielder has completed a loan move with option to buy until 30 June 2021. ?? From: PortoTo: Paris Saint-Germain (loan with buy option)Marquinhos has looked very comfortable at the base of PSG's midfield when asked to play there, but that isn't where he is most effective. The arrival of Danilo Pereira on loan on deadline day means Thomas Tuchel can now move Marquinhos back into the centre of the defence - something which was particularly important following the departure of Thiago Silva. An experienced defensive-minded midfielder, Pereira will add strength in depth in the centre of the park and will help lay the foundation for the attackers to flourish. While it is a loan deal initially, there are conflicting reports as to whether PSG have the option to buy him or if it is an obligation. Either way, a solid piece of business. Pereira also gets to play in that stunning new third kit as well... Hi watford fans.I just wanted to thank you for the support you have given me in my time at the club so far. I wish you all the best for the season & am sure the squad will give everything to return to the Premier League straight away. All the best for now. GD7 pic.twitter.com/1FnweLynLw From: WatfordTo: Udinese (loan)Deulofeu made clear his desire to leave Watford following their relegation from the Premier League last term, and it appeared as though he would be heading to Fiorentina. But the move ultimately fell through.But fear not, because fellow Pozzo-owned side Udinese stepped in to secure a loan deal. He joins Argentine forward Ignacio Pussetto in making the switch from Vicarage Road. Oh, and Roberto Pereyra also re-joined Udinese on a permanent deal in September as well.  Our new #️⃣2️⃣1️⃣ - welcome to Leipzig, Justin #Kluivert! ??⚪ #DieRotenBullen #JustInTime pic.twitter.com/b52rlhHsS2 From: RomaTo: RB Leipzig (loan)Kluivert isn't the finished product just yet, but at just 21, he still has plenty of time to develop and grow as a player. And Leipzig could be just the place for him to do that. Joining for the 2020/21 season, the winger will be hoping to make his mark in the Bundesliga and take his game to the next level. It isn't clear whether Leipzig have the option to purchase him on a permanent basis, but they could well make a move if he is able to perform consistently....which he hasn't done as of yet at Roma. Michaël Cuisance has joined @OM_English on loan ✍️ pic.twitter.com/ogIffMjZ20 From: Bayern MunichTo: Marseille (loan)Oh what could have been, eh Leeds fans?It looked for all the world as though Cuisance was on his way to Elland Road on a permanent deal not long go, only for the deal to completely collapse after he underwent his medical. With Leeds pulling out of the deal, Bayern looked elsewhere and eventually struck a loan deal with Marseille. Reports suggested Leeds opted against signing him after being shocked by his medical results, but Cuisance has since hit back, alluding to the fact that his medical with Marseille was completely fine. For Cuisance, he won't be keen to dwell on his failed move to the Premier League, and will instead be hoping to once again prove his worth at his new temporary home.  #ServusBouna ?@BounaSarr_10 From: MarseilleTo: Bayern MunichIt's no secret that Bayern were after a new right-back during the summer window. Sergino Dest was among the top targets, but he opted to join Barcelona instead (why?). Norwich's Max Aarons was also linked, but Bayern instead decided to move for Sarr and secured his services on the final day for around €10m.The 28-year-old converted winger will bring versatility and add strength in depth for Hansi Flick as his Bayern side chase yet another treble. Not a bad side to join, eh?  Ryan Sessegnon has joined Bundesliga side Hoffenheim on loan for the remainder of the 2020/21 season.Best of luck, @RyanSessegnon! ?#THFC ⚪️ #COYS pic.twitter.com/2wqR55BBTo From: TottenhamTo: Hoffenheim (loan)When Sessegnon joined Tottenham, it appeared to be the appropriate step up for him as the north Londoners were keen to help him fulfil his potential. But it's fair to say he's struggled for first team opportunities - especially following the arrival of Jose Mourinho. Mourinho has alluded to his side's hectic fixture schedule in the early parts of this campaign, yet he hasn't even included the 20-year-old in the matchday squad for seven of his side's first eight games. Ouch. A loan move that benefits everyone involved.  ? | ANNUNCIOMatteo @DarmianOfficial è un nuovo giocatore dell'Inter: il comunicato ? https://t.co/FsDsq0OdUr#WelcomeDarmian pic.twitter.com/GzN5CtEO9z From: ParmaTo: Inter (loan with obligation to buy)Romelu Lukaku, Alexis Sanchez, Ashley Young. Now, we can add Matteo Darmian to the list as well! Quite the team Man Utd....wait no, Inter are building. Darmian made the switch from Parma on loan just the summer after he departed Man Utd. But after a successful first season with the Serie A outfit, Antonio Conte came calling as he looked to strengthen at the back. While it is initially a loan, Inter are obliged to sign him permanently next summer. For Darmian, it is a special transfer in more ways than one. Not only will this move help as he looks to earn a spot in Italy's squad for the delayed Euro 2020, but the move also means he has returned to his home city.  Bienvenido, @J21Calleti ⚜️??#ForzaViola ? #Fiorentina #Callejon pic.twitter.com/SxELyCr1Hz From: Free AgentTo: FiorentinaLook, Fiorentina losing Federico Chiesa to Juventus was a major loss for them, considering y'know, how talented he is. But they could have done a lot worse than signing Jose Callejon as his replacement. The 33-year-old signed a two-year contract on deadline day and on a free transfer as well, it is a simply excellent piece of business. Callejon has alluded to the importance of staying in Italy for his family and Fiorentina could be just the perfect club for him.  ? Welcome to your new home, Idrissi! ??⚪️?#WeareSevilla #NeverSurrender pic.twitter.com/KcF8mVyVJf
