Jurgen Klopp reveals 'positive' transfer talks during international break
Mar 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/jurgen-klopp-positive-transfer-talks-international-break
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has confessed the club held 'positive' talks over possible new signings during the international break. The Reds are gearing up for what could be a significant summer transfer window, with a midfield rebuild on the cards and potential reinforcements at centre-back also on the wish list. With some time off thanks to the international break, Klopp and Liverpool's transfer team were hard at work plotting their strategy for the summer and the boss has now confessed he is happy with how those conversations went. "It's actually the only thing that we do during the international break, apart from having a few days off," Klopp said. "I don't plan training sessions as I don't know who is coming back, how and when." Asked specifically about the time spent discussing new signings and a new sporting director, Klopp continued: "It was good. On the player side, it was positive, I would say. READ NEXT manual "But it's talks, not decisions. But we are busy, you can imagine." The Reds have a number of targets heading into the summer window, with Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham at the top of that wish list, although the German side are looking to complicate things with the offer of a new contract and the threat of a €150m asking price. As a result, plenty of alternative targets have been identified. Chelsea's Mason Mount is under serious consideration, as are Wolves duo Matheus Nunes and Ruben Neves, while Ligue 1 youngsters Enzo Le Fee and Khephren Thuram are both being followed. Defensively, Liverpool are also interested in RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol - another who could cost in excess of €100m - and impending free agent Evan Ndicka of Eintracht Frankfurt. With a new sporting director also on the cards, 90min understands Liverpool have expressed an interest in former Tottenham director Paul Mitchell, who will leave Monaco in the summer. LISTEN NOW
