Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Responds to Gary Neville Transfer Comments & Reveals Summer Plans
Jul 5, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/ole-gunnar-solskjaer-responds-to-gary-neville-transfer-comments-reveals-summer-plans
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has responded to Gary Neville's claims that Manchester United need to 'go for it' in the transfer market this summer - claiming the club only need to make one or two 'very good decisions' in the weeks ahead.   United have returned from the break in fine fettle, and made it ten points from 12 available with a rampant 5-2 victory over Bournemouth on Saturday. Their explosive form has put them within two points of fourth-placed Chelsea, and crucially three ahead of Wolves in fifth - a position that will be enough to secure Champions League football if Manchester City's ban is upheld.  As much as they look to have turned a corner under Solskjaer, however, Neville and others have called on the club not to rest on their laurels. Last week, the club legend turned Sky Sports pundit highlighted that United need 'three or four' big signings in order to challenge champions Liverpool next season, saying they need to 'go for it' to get to that level.  "Gary is right in a lot of things he says and of course we cannot think we’re there," Solskjaer said in response, as quoted by The Mirror.   "If you look at the table, we’re nowhere near where we should be. Consistency has to be improved and we still have to improve on many aspects of the game. "I don’t know how many points we’re behind the top two, but Gary’s right - there’s definitely not going to be any complacency and thinking we’ve cracked it because we’ve got so much to do. "It’s an enjoyable journey. We can see improvements but, yes, we need to make one or two - or more - very good decisions. It’s going to be an important summer, definitely." United look to have lost out to Borrussia Dortmund in the race for Jude Bellingham, but persist with their interest in Jadon Sancho despite Dortmund's reluctance to sell. 
