West Ham confirm signing of Gianluca Scamacca
Jul 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-confirm-signing-of-gianluca-scamacca
West Ham United have completed the signing of Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca for an undisclosed fee. The powerful Italy striker, who had been linked with Arsenal, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain at various stages of the summer transfer window, has signed a five-year contract at London Stadium, with the option for an additional year, and becomes the club's fourth major signing of the summer. The Hammers have been keen to land a striker ever since Sebastien Haller departed for Ajax 18 months ago, but manager David Moyes has been frustrated in his attempts to bring in fresh blood - leaving the impressive Michail Antonio to carry the burden of responsibility up front. But Scamacca's arrival, in a deal 90min understands to be worth €43m including bonuses and add-ons, will finally provide Antonio with stiff competition for his place - the 23-year-old a regular in the Italy national team and scorer of 16 Serie A goals for Sassuolo last season. “I am really excited to join West Ham,” Scamacca, who will wear the number seven shirt, said. “I’ve waited a long time for this moment – it’s been a dream to play in the Premier League.  “I feel like West Ham is the perfect team for me. They showed they really wanted me and when I spoke to the manager there was an instant understanding.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! “I can’t wait to play and show the supporters what I can do in the West Ham shirt – I hope we will love each other.” “We’ve been looking to add more strength to our attacking options for a while, so we’re delighted to have got Gianluca in,” manager David Moyes said. “He comes really well recommended – and we’re looking forward to working with him. He’s a young centre-forward with a really bright future ahead of him.” Scamacca joins Alphonse Areola, Flynn Downes and Nayef Aguerd through the arrivals door at West Ham, although the latter will not feature for at least six weeks after undergoing surgery on an injury picked up in the pre-season defeat to Rangers. West Ham remain interested in strengthening their squad further, with Moyes and head of recruitment Rob Newman hoping to bring in a new left-back and central midfielder - and potentially a centre-back.
