Ole Gunnar Solskjaer refuses to rule out Man Utd signing a striker
May 19, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/ole-gunnar-solskjaer-refuses-rule-out-man-utd-signing-striker
Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has refused to rule out the club signing another striker this summer, despite recently agreeing a contract extension with Edinson Cavani. Cavani, who marked his first game in front of fans at Old Trafford this week with a sublime long-range lob, will stay until the end of next season. But United remain linked with another centre forward, with Erling Haaland and Harry Kane the names that have been talked about. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) United are also on the hunt for a centre-back, have been considering various central midfielders, including Declan Rice and Ruben Neves, while they remain interested in Jadon Sancho and believe the gamble of refusing to meet Borussia Dortmund’s asking price last summer will pay off. A new striker for the long-term has always been on the cards. Cavani, now 34, was only ever intended to be a short-term option, but Solskjaer won’t rule out landing another sooner. “We're looking to strengthen the squad of course. There are many, many, many things you have to consider when you put a squad together,” the United boss told Sky Sports. “I'm not saying that if Edi stays that means someone else in a forward position won't come in.” He latter added: “No, of course I can't [rule out signing a striker]. Yes, Edinson signed but how many good strikers have we had at this club and I can't say we're not signing a striker. “We're building, we're working towards a better squad. We're top three two years on the bounce but we are nowhere where we want to be. So, hopefully we end up with a stronger squad when we start next season and be more consistent and challenge the ones in front of us.” If United do sign another striker on top of Cavani staying, it could signal the end for Anthony Martial. The Frenchman had endured a disappointing season, long before he got injured in March, and has taken a big step back since what had been an overdue breakout year in 2019/20.
