Sergi Roberto admits talking to 'excited' Neymar about Barcelona return
Aug 12, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/sergi-roberto-excited-neymar-barcelona-return
Barcelona captain Sergi Roberto has confirmed he has spoken with Neymar about a possible return to Camp Nou and the Paris Saint-Germain forward is "excited" by the opportunity. In a bombshell summer which has seen Lionel Messi depart and Kylian Mbappe made available for transfer, PSG are also looking to part ways with Neymar before the current transfer window comes to a close. Barcelona president Joan Laporta is understood to be keen on a reunion with Neymar but manager Xavi has publicly claimed that the Brazilian is not part of the club's transfer plans. However, that hasn't stopped Roberto from reaching out to Neymar about a possible return to the club this summer. "I'm excited because, at the end of the day, he's an ex-teammate who is a friend and with whom I have experienced many good things over many years," Roberto told SPORT. "When he was in the team, they were some of the best years I've had at Barca, we won everything. "He's a very different player from the others, I'm sure he would contribute a lot to us, but I'm not the one who decides. Those in charge of deciding whether to sign him or not will decide what is best for the club. What we want is to have the best team possible to compete for everything, and to have the best players." feed Roberto went on to reveal that his conversations with Neymar have revolved around a summer transfer to Barcelona, even claiming the PSG winger is keen to get a deal done. Asked about those talks, Roberto added: "I've talked to him. It's private. But yes, he's excited." With Barcelona split over a potential move for Neymar, 90min understands that PSG are keen to take advantage of interest in the 31-year-old from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF). The group own Newcastle United as well as four of the biggest Saudi clubs and they would be keen to take Neymar to any of them if the opportunity arises.
