Milan Open Talks With Real Madrid for Youngster Brahim Diaz
Aug 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/milan-open-transfer-talks-real-madrid-youngster-brahim-diaz
Milan have 'opened talks' with Real Madrid to sign winger Brahim Diaz on loan this summer with an option to buy. The 21-year-old, who came through the ranks at Manchester City, left the Premier League club for Madrid in January 2019 as he went in search of first team opportunities. However, since making the switch, he has only made 21 appearances in total.  During the 2019/20 season, Diaz made ten appearances in all competitions, but just one of these came from the start.   Don’t look anywhere else but ahead ? A post shared by  Brahim Díaz (@brahim) on Aug 20, 2020 at 11:40am PDT Brahim has found opportunities hard to come by under Zinedine Zidane and he's even struggled to make the bench for a number of clashes. Fabrizio Romano is now reporting that Serie A giants Milan have opened talks with Real as they look to bring the versatile forward to the club on loan with an option to buy.  Gianluca Di Marzio's report adds that the two clubs are currently in contact and the signals are 'good'. There is currently no agreement with Real and Brahim himself, but Milan are working on this.  A loan move could benefit the young Spaniard should he be given a greater amount of first team opportunities, and a temporary move could suit all parties. Madrid had high hopes for him when they signed him for around £15m, therefore it may prove challenging to convince them to part ways with the winger permanently unless a convincing offer is made. But the latest updates suggest they are indeed open to negotiating.  Sergio Reguilon left the Bernabeu last summer in order to play regular first team football with Sevilla - something he has done. Although the left-back was very impressive during the 2019/20 season, Real are still said to be willing to sell Reguilon permanently if a club were to make an offer of around £22.4m. However, Los Blancos would be keen to insert a buyback clause in any deal. 
