Sebastian Kehl 'Expects' Jadon Sancho at Borussia Dortmund Next Season
Jun 27, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sebastian-kehl-expects-jadon-sancho-at-borussia-dortmund-next-season
Former Borussia Dortmund captain Sebastian Kehl believes that star attraction Jadon Sancho will be at the club next season, despite persistent rumours surrounding his future. The England international has been in sparkling form in the Bundesliga this term, with 34 goal contributions in the league as Dortmund lost out on the title to a dominant Bayern Munich side. The 20-year-old arrived at Signal Iduna Park from Manchester City in 2017 and has emerged as arguably Europe's most exciting young talent.  All things considered, who would you rather sign for your team? ?? - • Price • Age • Ability • League Experience - - @sanchooo10 @adamatrd37 #sancho #adama #traore #dortmund #bvb #wolves #bundesliga #premierleague #epl #football #90min A post shared by  90min (@90min_football) on Jun 25, 2020 at 4:16am PDT His consistently impressive performances have unsurprisingly caught the attention of some of the continent's elite clubs - with Manchester United seemingly ahead of the number of clubs circling for his signature. According to Kehl however, who now has a boardroom role at Die Borussen, the winger is likely to be at the club next season (quotes via Sports Buzzer): "It is true that Jadon has a long-term contract. It is also true that there are no specific inquiries for him at the moment and that we all do not know how the transfer market will change amid the pandemic. "We expect Jadon to play at BVB next season and we would all be happy about the quality he gives our team and the differences he makes," the former Germany international revealed. Kehl himself is no stranger to the famous yellow jersey, having spent 13 years at the club before retiring in 2015. As for Sancho, the youngster was kept on the bench in the first few games after the league's restart, yet quickly showed his worth after bagging a hat-trick in the 6-1 thumping of bottom club Paderborn.   Solid performance from the team!! Delighted to get my first career hat trick, a bittersweet moment personally as there are more important things going on in the world today that we must address and help make a change. We shouldn't fear speaking out for what's right, we have to come together as one & fight for justice. We are stronger together! ❤️ #JusticeForGeorgeFloyd ??
