Man Utd Monitoring Douglas Costa as Potential Jadon Sancho Alternative
Aug 18, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-monitoring-douglas-costa-as-potential-jadon-sancho-alternative
Manchester United are 'keeping tabs' on Juventus winger Douglas Costa as a potential alternative to Jadon Sancho this summer, should they opt against completing a deal for the Englishman. United's interest in Sancho has been the worst kept secret in football as of late and seems to be the big money transfer saga of the summer, despite the financial strain of the ongoing global pandemic. SHOP NOW: Get the latest Manchester United gear straight from Adidas! Borussia Dortmund are adamant that the 20-year-old winger is not for sale and will play for them next season despite United's interest, which has led to reports that the Red Devils are now considering other backup options. Preseason vibes... pic.twitter.com/PBy66y2SHC Sky Sports report that one of the backup options available to United is Costa, who they have been monitoring throughout the 2019/20 season as they look to sign a wide player. Sancho remains United's number one target, but should the deal not commence, the Red Devils are prepared to move towards other targets such as the Brazilian. Juventus are keen to move 29-year-old Costa on this summer, according to Sky Italy's Gianluca Di Marzio, which is where the interest seems to have stemmed from. Di Marzio reports that Costa's agents have been in contact with United, to see if there is interest in a deal being done. While Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side are still yet to launch a formal offer for the England international, it is expected that a deal can still be done. 90min learned in May that United were intent on signing Sancho this summer amid the pandemic, but not willing to spend over £100m in doing so. Sancho has already agreed personal terms with United, but the club are yet to launch a formal bid. Sky Sports also report that Dortmund value Sancho at £108m despite insisting he isn't for sale, with United missing the supposed 'deadline' of 10th August to sign the winger.
