Manchester City confirm deal to sign Fluminense starlet Kayky
Apr 23, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-confirm-deal-sign-fluminense-starlet-kayky
Manchester City have confirmed they have reached a deal to sign 17-year-old Fluminense winger Kayky. Kayky only has nine senior appearances to his name but has already wowed Fluminense fans with two goals and an assist, earning himself comparisons to Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) City have been chasing the teenager for a while, with most reports suggesting a deal was all but done a few weeks ago, but the club have now confirmed that Kayky will join up with City once the Brazilian season ends in December. "We are delighted to confirm we have reached an agreement with Fluminese regarding the future transfer of Kayky," a statement read on Twitter. "The teenage forward will remain with Fluminese until the end of the Brazilian season." According to The Athletic, City have agreed to part with around £9m to sign Kayky, with Fluminense also retaining a sell-on clause of 20%. Craque, @kaykysc2k! ? pic.twitter.com/ObHivKR5jv Such a fee suggests City have high hopes for the teenager, who is expected to link up with the club's Under-23 setup upon his arrival to England. He has the raw, exciting talent that will have fans begging for him to be handed a spot in the senior side, but it appears as though City would prefer to be patient. City have been on a mission to hoover up some of Europe's top youngsters in recent years, but their purchases haven't always gone to plan. Right-back Yan Couto arrived from Brazilian side Coritiba last summer and was expected to compete for a spot in Pep Guardiola's first team, only for him to be shipped off to Girona on loan three months later. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) However, Kayky comes with a higher reputation that most - funny what happens when you get compared to Neymar after being a professional footballer for a few days.
