Transfer rumours: Mbappe to announce PSG exit; Kante pushing for Barcelona move
Dec 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-mbappe-to-announce-psg-exit-kante-pushing-for-barcelona-move-20-12-22
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Kylian Mbappe could publicly announce his decision to leave PSG before the end of 2022 after growing frustrated with life in Paris. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool want to bring him to England, while Real Madrid remain keen. (Sport) Man Utd are also looking to sign PSV Eindhoven's Cody Gakpo, who has been promised the number 7 shirt at Old Trafford following talks with Erik ten Hag. (The Mirror) With Chelsea yet to meet his contract demands, N'Golo Kante is pushing for a free transfer to Barcelona next summer and is already in advanced talks with the Catalan side. (Sport) Bayern Munich have expressed an interest in signing Argentina and Aston Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez. (MediaFoot) However, Bayern are in talks with Borussia Monchengladbach's Yann Sommer over a move to the Allianz Arena to replace the injured Manuel Neuer. (Goal) The German side have also been credited with an interest in Dinamo Zagreb's Croatian goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic, although Juventus are now prepared to push hard for the World Cup star's signature. (Tuttomercatoweb) Everton are close to finalising the terms of a contract extension for winger Anthony Gordon to put to bed any chances of him moving to Chelsea. (The Telegraph) The Toffees are facing interest from another London club, Tottenham, in goalkeeper Jordan Pickford. (Football Insider) Liverpool are preparing a £39m bid to Fiorentina to sign Morocco midfielder Sofyan Amrabat ahead of Tottenham in the January transfer window. (Lions de l'Atlas) Jude Bellingham is a serious target for Manchester City at the end of the season, with Pep Guardiola's side prepared to lodge a cool £100m bid to sign the England international. (Give Me Sport)
