Newcastle holding talks with Leicester over West Ham target Harvey Barnes
Jul 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-talks-leicester-west-ham-target-harvey-barnes
Newcastle United are in talks with Leicester City over a deal for Harvey Barnes, who is one of West Ham United's primary transfer targets. The 25-year-old scored 13 Premier League goals last season but was unable to prevent Leicester City from dropping into the Championship, just seven years after they shocked the world to lift the title. 90min recently revealed that West Ham were advancing talks with Leicester over Barnes, as David Moyes looks to bolster the quality of his attack. The Scot currently has Said Benrahma, Pablo Fornals and Maxwel Cornet as his options on the left hand side, but is open to moving players on this summer in a bid to freshen things up at London Stadium. Newcastle have a long-standing interest in Barnes, who has been capped once by England, and are willing to move on Allan Saint-Maximin this summer - 90min first reported interest in his services from a number of Saudi Pro League clubs. They have already completed the signing of Sandro Tonali from AC Milan, in a deal worth as much as £60m, and are looking to increase the quality of their squad ahead of a return to Champions League competition. feed 90min understands that Newcastle have opened talks with Leicester over a deal for Barnes, with West Ham also continuing to negotiate with the 2021 FA Cup winners. The Foxes have already lost James Maddison to Tottenham Hotspur this summer and are resigned to losing more of their leading players after dropping into the second tier. Aston Villa are also keeping a firm eye on developments with Barnes, having secured their own route back into European competition under Unai Emery. The Villans finished seventh in the Premier League last season, a remarkable turnaround after sacking Steven Gerrard last October. West Ham can also offer Barnes continental football, securing their place in next season's Europa League after beating Fiorentina 2-1 in the Conference League final to win a first trophy in 43 years.
