Barcelona Youngster Marc Jurado Confirms Departure Ahead of Man Utd Move
Jun 30, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-wonderkid-marc-jurado-confirms-departure-ahead-of-manchester-unitrd-move
La Masia graduate Marc Jurado has confirmed his departure from Barcelona ahead of a move to Manchester United this summer.  Jurado will join the Red Devils on a free transfer after running down his contract at Barça.  ESPN revealed back in May that the 16-year-old had rebuffed several offers to stay in Catalonia in favour of a switch to United. Barcelona offered Jurado a three-year deal that would've been worth€100,000 annually by the end of the contract, with a €200,000 bonus included when he made his debut for the B team.  el derbi se queda en casa!⚔️ fcb 2-1 espanyol? esos son mis chavales!❤️ A post shared by  MJ2? (@marcjurado04) on Jan 11, 2020 at 1:34pm PST The Spaniard spent the 2019/20 campaign playing for Barça's Cadet A team, which is essentially their Under-17 side and was expected to make the jump up to the Juvenil (Under-19) B squad next season. However, it'll be United who'll be the beneficiaries of Jurado's decision to depart Barcelona, and the Red Devils will only have to pay development rights as he is out of contract.  He joins the list of talents to recently depart La Masia in favour of greater opportunities elsewhere and the teenager delivered a heartfelt message on Instagram to his boyhood club.  "It's never easy to leave the club that has given you everything," he wrote.  "Barcelona has been my second home, my second family, where I have grown as a player and also as a person. Now it is time to say goodbye but not before thanking every one of the people that have helped me since I joined in 2011.  Gracias/Gràcies @fcbarcelona ?? A post shared by  MJ2? (@marcjurado04) on Jun 29, 2020 at 9:00am PDT "I've been lucky enough to share my passion with a fantastic generation of players. We started as kids that just wanted to chase the ball and I bid farewell, nine years later, able to call them my friends. 
