Inter Confirm Signing of Roma Defender Aleksandar Kolarov
Sep 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-confirm-signing-of-roma-defender-aleksandar-kolarov
Inter have confirmed the signing of veteran Roma defender Aleksandar Kolarov on a one-year deal. The Serb joins Achraf Hakimi as the Nerazzurri's summer additions thus far, with the arrival of Barcelona's Arturo Vidal expected imminently as well.   #WELCOMEHAKIMI ?⚫️? @achrafhakimi to be presented to the fans tomorrow! The Nerazzurri's new full-back will take part in a live chat on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Inter TV in the afternoon: send your questions in to be featured as a Story Sticker! #Inter #ForzaInter #Hakimi #NotForEveryone #Football A post shared by  Inter (@inter) on Sep 8, 2020 at 4:03am PDT Kolarov completed his medical in Milan on Tuesday morning before putting pen to paper on his Inter contract, with the club confirming the signing via their official website. "Aleksandar Kolarov is officially a new Inter player: the Serbian footballer moves to the Nerazzurri permanently from AS Roma," a statement read.  It's understood the Nerazzurri paid Roma €1.5m to secure the services of the 34-year-old on a one-year deal, where he'll reportedly earn a €3m salary. However, an option of extending his deal by a further year has been placed in Kolarov's contract and if he plays a certain amount of games in his debut season, that clause will be triggered.  The Serbia skipper joins Inter following a productive campaign in the Italian capital under Paulo Fonseca's tutelage. He was a fixture in a Giallorossi side which finished fifth in Serie A last season. ? | ANNUNCIOAleksandar #Kolarov è un nuovo giocatore dell'Inter! ⚫️?? https://t.co/fss4C9gU2n#WelcomeKolarov #NotForEveryone pic.twitter.com/3HjmxqAATJ Kolarov made 34 domestic appearances for Roma last time out - mostly at left-back as part of a back four - and scored seven times, adding a further four assists. The former Manchester City man also appeared eight times amid Roma's progression to the last 16 of the Europa League. 
