Sergio Reguilon for £20m Is Just Getting a Better Ben Chilwell for Cheaper
Aug 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sergio-reguilon-for-20m-is-better-ben-chilwell-cheaper
£50m! For Ben Chilwell! But...you know, he's English. And Chelsea wanted him. Those are two essential pieces of information that dictate that yes, in fact, Chilwell is a very talented footballer. OK, he isn't bad, and despite what many folk online may argue, the former Leicester player is not atrocious, either. Nor is he really bad. He's just, well, not great. Certainly not 50 million pounds worth of great. BENISBLUE. Welcome to Chelsea, @BenChilwell! ? #BenIsBlue The overarching question will be whether he's an upgrade on what the Blues have. In short, yes. Stretched out a tad more, yes, but it didn't need to cost them that much money. Really, it didn't. Over in the supremely hot holiday destination for Brits that is Seville, there is another left-back available for an absolute snip at just £20m. Genuinely, that's the valuation being placed on Sergio Reguilon by parent club Real Madrid. Remarkably, even after a superb season-long loan at Sevilla, Madrid will be willing to part with the 23-year-old for such a nominal fee. Sure, they've already got Ferland Mendy - and Marcelo to back him up - but still, that's pocket change in the current market. He's been consistent enough to earn himself a Spain call-up from Luis Enrique for the upcoming Nations League matches, coming off the back of his finest individual season to date. Not bad, eh?  ¡CAMPEONES! ? A post shared by  Sergio Reguilón (@sergioregui) on Aug 21, 2020 at 2:32pm PDT He, along with the rest of the Sevilla squad, really began firing after the midway point of the season, embarking on a blinding 15-game unbeaten run. In fairness, he started the campaign alright, too. A debut La Liga goal for the club and an assist for good measure in the first game of the season against Espanyol wasn't too shabby. Sevilla drew a large chunk of their matches last season, but these weren't barmy 3-3 games or, god forbid, 2-2 stalemates. Most of their draws were low scoring, simply down to the superb defensive record Reguilon and his teammates built at the back. Only the two Madrid-based sides conceded fewer than Sevilla's 34. Moreover, 35% of the goals they conceded came in matches where the left-back was either missing through injury or on the bench. 'But it's just La Liga', I hear you say. Well, Chilwell is just English but suddenly he's world class. Swings and roundabouts. Yet if we switch over into European competition, we gain an even wider grasp of how frighteningly good Reguilon is. He didn't feature at all during the group stages of the Europa League, but when the knockouts came around, he was tasked by Julen Lopetegui with being one of the primary points of attack in the side. It's the Spanish side's style to flood wide areas with bodies, thus presenting the full-backs with the option of either under-lapping or over-lapping the forwards. Perfect for Reguilon. He can do both. As a defender there are a variety of different styles of player you can face, but the ones that are the hardest to deal with are the unpredictable ones. Toss in a healthy sprinkling of pace and you've got a mouthwatering combination. Estas fotos no se pueden definir con palabras... Gracias a todos de corazón ❤️ pic.twitter.com/OW0J6sOB8W In attacking phases, just as much with defensive ones, Reguilon reads the play efficiently. His anticipation of the next move is second nature. Chilwell, on the other hand, isn't quite all there in that sense. When it got down to the nitty gritty of the competition, Reguilon came to the fore. Wolves were no match, getting terrorised down their right hand flank. Manchester United couldn't cope in the semi-final, Reguilon's perfectly executed low cross landing on a plate for Suso to score. A long, arduous season was topped off with victory over Inter in the final, the second trophy of his career. Furthermore, for someone who played in only five of the club's 12 Europa League matches to make it into the Squad of the Season, well, that tells you all you need to know. Don't see Chilwell in that squad. Poor from him.
