Man City duo latest to be targeted by Saudi Pro League
Jun 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-duo-targeted-saudi-pro-league
Manchester City's treble winning duo Kyle Walker and Riyad Mahrez are the latest players wanted by the Saudi Pro League, 90min understands. Both players were on the bench last Saturday as City finally lifted the Champions League for the first time, beating Inter 1-0 in Istanbul thanks to Rodri's second half goal. Walker had been expected by many to start the final but instead came on in the latter stages as Pep Guardiola opted to pick a back four consisting of Manuel Akanji, John Stones, Ruben Dias and Nathan Ake. Mahrez was an unused substitute. Both players have 12 months remaining on their current deals at the Etihad Stadium, but extensions are not currently under discussion. 33-year-old Walker remains an important part of Pep Guardiola's plans despite not starting the final, though it's believed that he's considering his options. 90min understands that boyhood club Sheffield United are prepared to offer him a three-year contract in order to return to the Steel City, while Aston Villa and West Ham are also keeping tabs on his situation. feed But an offer could also be forthcoming from Saudi Arabia, sources have confirmed to 90min, which would see Walker pick up a bumper pay packet to wind down his career. City team-mate Mahrez is also wanted in the Middle East amid interest from both Al Ittihad and Al Ahli. Both clubs are owned by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF) - Newcastle's main financial backers - and the former have already signed Karim Benzema this summer and are closing on N'Golo Kante. 90min understands that Mahrez is ready to push for a move this summer after failing to start the FA Cup final in addition to sitting on the bench in Istanbul, and the club will not stand in his way if he asks to leave. The 32-year-old, who is now a five-time Premier League winner, made 47 appearances for City in all competitions last season and scored 15 goals, while his five seasons at the Etihad have yielded 78 goals in 236 outings.
