Leicester Re-Open Contract Talks With Caglar Soyuncu 
Jun 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-re-open-contract-talks-with-caglar-soyuncu-01e9z91gcnz1
Leicester City have re-opened contract talks with Caglar Soyuncu over a new, long-term deal, after negotiations were put on hold due to the Premier League's suspension way back in March. The centre back has been an integral part to Leicester's success this season, missing just one Premier League match, with the Foxes sitting comfortably in the Champions League places. Soyuncu has filled the void left by Harry Maguire following his switch to Manchester United in the summer of 2019, and his displays have seen him linked with a move to Manchester City, Arsenal and Barcelona. According to the Daily Mail, Leicester have attempted to quell fears of losing a key central defender for a second successive summer by reviving contract talks with Soyuncu. The Turkish defender is set to be offered a substantial rise to his current pay packet. In April, 90min revealed that Leicester were confident of tying down a selection of their key first team players to new long term deals, with an ambition to establish themselves as a top four Premier League side. Despite interest from Manchester City, Soyuncu was always eager to remain with the Foxes and put pen to paper on a new deal.  The 24-year-old joined Leicester from Freiburg in August 2018 for £19m, but was limited to just six top flight starts during his debut season. However, following Maguire's big money move to Manchester United, Soyuncu has come into his own, with the Foxes not even required to dip into the transfer market to sign a replacement for the England international. ⛔️ pic.twitter.com/ctXexB5tma The former Freiburg man has formed a mean defensive partnership with Jonny Evans, helping the Foxes to the third best defensive record in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side have conceded just 28 goals in 29 top flight matches this season, and currently sit eight points clear of fifth place Man Utd. 
