Cristiano Ronaldo was 'very close' to joining Sporting KC ahead of Al-Nassr move
Dec 31, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/cristiano-ronaldo-was-very-close-joining-sporting-kc-ahead-al-nassr-move
Cristiano Ronaldo was on the verge of a spectacular move to MLS side Sporting Kansas City prior to joining Al-Nassr, according to reports. The Portuguese icon and five-time Ballon d'Or winner completed a transfer to one of Saudi Arabia's most successful clubs on Friday, signing a two-and-a-half-year contract following a public falling out with Manchester United. Even before his pre-World Cup departure from Old Trafford, the rumor mill was in overdrive regarding Ronaldo's next destination. Naturally, Major League Soccer was among the possible landing spots, though most naturally expected him to join a 'big market' club such as the LA Galaxy or Inter Miami. Instead, according to a report from ESPN analyst and former New England Revolution striker Taylor Twellman, Ronaldo was 'very close' to joining Sporting Kansas City. Twellman says that multiple MLS clubs inquired about the 37-year-old, but that SKC were already at the table with a 'compelling' offer. Multiple @MLS teams inquired about Ronaldo and his future but 1 team was already at the table: @SportingKC Their offer was so compelling that Ronaldo’s team had multiple meetings w/SKC before taking the Saudi deal. The package (wages/commercial) was said to be “very close”. #MLS MLSsoccer.com's Tom Bogert confirmed Twellman's report, adding that SKC already had Ronaldo's discovery rights - making them the first in line in MLS to sign him - and that talks went as far as discussing a potential ownership share in the club. Sources can confirm: Sporting KC were the MLS team that came closest to signing Cristiano Ronaldo. Talks ongoing for weeks, it was a real possibility.Package was very good. Plans were being made to make it happen. SKC had his "discovery rights" (i.e. path to sign him). Wild. https://t.co/MIXxIEPHHY pic.twitter.com/On4bRwasdo Twellman's report was further backed up when SKC owner Robb Heineman retweeted the news. Robb Heineman over here Retweeting this... #SportingKC pic.twitter.com/eyZFWBKhhn
