Neymar's agent confirms intention to sign new PSG contract
Apr 13, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/neymar-agent-confirms-intention-sign-new-psg-contract
The agent of Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar has confirmed that the Brazilian plans to sign a new contract at the Parc des Princes in the near future. Neymar's contract has been the subject of plenty of rumours recently. With his current deal set to expire in the summer of 2022, most reports have stated that an extension is on the cards, but there have been enough saying otherwise to keep fans worrying. Well, while a new contract hasn't been signed just yet, there's reason to be confident as Neymar's agents told France Football (via AS) that the 29-year-old's plan is to put pen to paper on a new deal soon. "Neymar wants to stay at PSG," the representative said. "He sees that the club is in the process of growing. He likes the project.  "He posts less things on social media because he wants less controversy and attention on him. His main objective is to win the Champions League. He doesn't think about anything other than that. He wants to show that Paris is a great team." A post shared by ene10ta Érre ?? ? neymarjr (@neymarjr) That suggests that the reports of a verbal agreement between Neymar and PSG may be true too. Fabrizio Romano states that the 29-year-old has agreed to stay until 2026 on a contract which also includes an enormous Champions League bonus. What's less certain is the future of Neymar's partner-in-crime, Kylian Mbappe. The Frenchman is also approaching the final 12 months of his contract, and while director Leonardo claims to be feeling good about negotiations, there is still a long way to go before a deal is done. "I owe a large part of my happiness at PSG to Mbappe," Neymar said of his team-mate. "He made me learn about the French way of life. He has explained the French mentality to me. I owe a big part of my adaptation to him.  "From the beginning, I got Mbappe's way of being. Kylian is a very happy and kind person with everyone. He is a great person. He is the reason why we understood each other from day one.
