Frank Lampard reveals he has 'ideas' for January transfer window
Jan 2, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/frank-lampard-reveals-ideas-january-transfer-window
Frank Lampard revealed there could be movement at Chelsea during the January transfer window, but admitted players would likely have to leave before any new ones can come in. After spending over £200m during the summer on new recruits, includig Timo Werner, Kai Havertz, Hakim Ziyech, Edouard Mendy, Thiago Silva and Ben Chilwell, the Blues have acquired a large squad of 29 players. There have been varying success stories, notably Mendy, Silva and Chilwell, while the Havertz and Werner are yet to show their best form following their big-money arrivals. When asked what he expected to happen in the window, Lampard replied (via Goal.com): “I'm not sure at the moment, I have ideas." Lampard admitted that players will have to be offloaded or loaned out before any new faces can arrive at Stamford Bridge. "We have a big squad and we have to see if that changes, if there are opportunities for players that aren't playing so much. The club are not directly on the pursuit of any players in this window, with the former roaming midfielder outlining how he'll approach the subject of players leaving the club should the situation arise. He continued: “That'll be a conversation between the player and myself and then we'll see if we can strengthen in the right way. But we're not jumping up and down to do so at the moment, my focus this year is purely on work. It's a long month.” That long month starts with a visit from Covid-19 hit Manchester City, who Lampard still looks at as extremely tough opposition. “In terms of their weaknesses? I don't see [any]. They are just a very strong outfit, very well managed, they have lots of threats so we will have to focus on ourselves and do our best. A new year, Man City at the Bridge next! ? pic.twitter.com/7CVW5PCadi “I'm confident in us as a team. I know that when we play at Stamford Bridge, as well as we can, then we have an opportunity to beat anybody. 
