Donny van de Beek Joins Manchester United on 5-Year Deal
Sep 2, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/donny-van-de-beek-joins-manchester-united-on-5-year-deal
Manchester United have confirmed the signing of Netherlands international Donny van de Beek for a fee of €39m, with a further €5m to come in add ons. While the midfielder has previously been linked with the Old Trafford side, United intensified their interest in recent weeks and have now signed off on the deal for the Ajax star. He has signed a five-year deal with an option for a further year. Hi everyone, Hope you're well.Just announcing @Donny_Beek6.Regards, @ManUtd. pic.twitter.com/Exq6b2M5jy Van de Beek provides more proven quality to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's midfield options. The added depth the signing will also bring offers the Norwegian another plus in what is expected to be a hectic and congested season for the Red Devils. Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba are United's two standout stars in midfield, so Van de Beek's arrival may mean more opportunities to rest the pair, while he will also compete for playing time with Nemanja Matic, Fred and Scott McTominay. It may also nudge Jesse Lingard and Andreas Pereira closer to the Old Trafford exit door. Speaking to the club's official website, Van de Beek said: "I cannot begin to explain how incredible an opportunity it is to join a club with such an amazing history. I would like to thank everyone at Ajax. I grew up there and I will always have a special bond with the club.  #DreamLikeDonny… ? pic.twitter.com/BxfW4GPX8H "I am now ready to take the next step in my career and perform at the highest level and there is no higher standard than Manchester United. Everyone has told me how amazing the Old Trafford atmosphere is and I am looking forward to experiencing that, once it is safe for the fans to return. "This team has some of the best midfielders in the world and I know that I can learn from them and also bring my own strengths to the group. Having spoken to the manager about his vision for this team, the direction that the club is going in is hugely exciting and I cannot wait to be a part of that." His new manager said: "Donny has all of the technical attributes needed to perform in this team and has the personality required to succeed at Manchester United. His ability to see space, time his movements and read the game will really complement the qualities that we have in midfield and his arrival really strengthens the depth of talent we have in that position.  "Donny’s performances in the Eredivisie and in Europe have been excellent over the last few years and we are all looking forward to working with him." It’s official @ManUtd fans ?Cracking signing, right?pic.twitter.com/VZjFiQw1dc
