Chelsea discussing futures of N'Golo Kante & Jorginho
Oct 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-discussing-futures-of-ngolo-kante-jorginho
Chelsea's new owners are evaluating the futures of both N'Golo Kante and Jorginho, 90min understands, with regular conversations taking place over the pair's expiring contracts. Kante, 31, and Jorginho, 30, are both in the final 12 months of their contracts at Stamford Bridge and are yet to find agreements over extensions, with the duo both free to discuss free transfers to any overseas sides in January. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea remain willing to discuss new contracts with both Kante and Jorginho but those higher up at Stamford Bridge are divided over whether to hand extensions to the pair. Both are demanding sizeable wages which, as it stands, Chelsea are hesitant to agree to, while the two parties are also yet to agree on the lengths of any new deals. Jorginho turns 31 in December and Kante, already 31, has long struggled with injury problems - he has played just twice all season and is now out for a further three months with a hamstring injury. Allowing both players to leave on free transfers would comfortably free up the wages needed to pursue top target Declan Rice of West Ham, with the former Blues academy graduate regularly mentioned in these talks over the futures of Kante and Jorginho. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth are joined by Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Erling Haaland's Manchester City release clause, Mason Mount's future at Chelsea and their sporting director plans, and what the future could hold for 700-goal Cristiano Ronaldo at Man Utd. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! However, losing both players would leave Chelsea somewhat thin in midfield, with Mateo Kovacic, Conor Gallagher, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and 18-year-old Carney Chukwuemeka the only other natural midfielders in Graham Potter's current squad. Potter's opinion has been sought and 90min understands the boss would not be against losing either player, although there is an acceptance that replacing Kante and Jorginho would not be an easy task and more than one signing would likely be required.
