Ruben Loftus-Cheek's AC Milan transfer in limbo after Paolo Maldini exit
Jun 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ruben-loftus-cheek-ac-milan-transfer-limbo-paolo-maldini-exit
AC Milan have cooled their pursuit of Chelsea midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek following departures of directors Paolo Maldini and Frederic Massara, 90min understands. Maldini had been leading talks with Chelsea over a move for Loftus-Cheek, who had been expected to seal a £15m switch to San Siro before the shock decision from Milan to part ways with their directorial duo. The new-look Rossoneri board are now understood to be re-evaluating their transfer strategy for the summer and sources have confirmed to 90min they have halted their pursuit of Loftus-Cheek as a result. Instead, Milan's current focus is on completing a deal for impending free agent Daichi Kamada, who reached an agreement over a contract with Maldini and is expected to honour that. Chelsea have not given up hope of convincing Milan to move ahead with their original plans to sign Loftus-Cheek, who has just 12 months remaining on his contract. The Blues also have an option to extend his deal for a further year to help facilitate a loan move. feed Chelsea officials are keen to do some form of business with Milan, who were previously interested in a number of Blues players before Maldini's departure. Kalidou Koulibaly, Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi were all on Milan's initial radar, as was Christian Pulisic, who has been offered around Serie A as Chelsea seek a permanent departure which would benefit everyone involved. As part of their talks with Maldini's Milan, Chelsea registered their interest in Rossoneri goalkeeper Mike Maignan, who recently posted a cryptic message on social media in an apparent show of support for his former director. Chelsea's approach over Maignan was swiftly rebuffed and it is not yet known whether they will continue to push for a move for the Frenchman. Inter's Andre Onana is an alternative target.
