Football transfer rumours: Chelsea make Vlahovic swap offer; PSG eye Gabriel
Jun 4, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-chelsea-make-vlahovic-swap-offer-psg-eye-gabriel-4-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea are keen to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic this summer and have offered to send Romelu Lukaku to Turin in a player-plus-cash bid for the Serbia international. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Swap deals could be the order of business at Chelsea this summer as the Blues are prepared to offer Edouard Mendy to Inter to help their pursuit of goalkeeper Andre Onana. (Foot Mercato) Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has made it clear to the board that he wants to sign Tottenham striker Harry Kane this summer. (Athletic) Another forward on Real Madrid's radar is Chelsea's Kai Havertz, but new Blues boss Mauricio Pochettino is prepared to block any approach for the German. (AS) If Ange Postecoglou agrees to take over as new Tottenham manager, then the London outfit are prepared to launch a move for one of his Celtic favourites, Kyogo Furuhashi. (Sun) Saudi Arabian outfit Al Hilal are hoping to announce the signing of Lionel Messi on a free transfer on June 6, but Barcelona remain hopeful of striking a deal to bring the Argentine back to Camp Nou. (Sport) Manchester United have moved ahead in the race to sign Porto goalkeeper Diogo Costa, who is also on the radars of both Chelsea and Newcastle. (A Bola) manual Paris Saint-Germain are considering making a move to sign Arsenal centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes this summer. (Goal) Liverpool have now joined Chelsea in pursuit of Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia. (Football Insider) There is also interest from Liverpool in Japanese midfielder Daichi Kamada. The 26-year-old will leave Eintracht Frankfurt on a free transfer and has agreed a move to AC Milan, but the Reds are looking to hijack the deal. (Calciomercato.it) Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is eager to sign PSV Eindhoven's Xavi Simons, who is valued at around €50m. (Fichajes) Newcastle are growing in confidence that they will be able to land Arsenal left-back Kieran Tierney in a £30m deal. (Times) Manchester City would be prepared to sell full-back Joao Cancelo to Arsenal if the Gunners meet their asking price, despite concerns over strengthening their Premier League title rivals. (Dean Jones)
