Jurgen Klopp sends goodbye message to Jordan Henderson after Al Ettifaq transfer
Jul 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/jurgen-klopp-sends-goodbye-message-jordan-henderson-al-ettifaq-transfer
Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool will miss Jordan Henderson after the midfielder completed his transfer to Al Ettifaq.  Henderson ended his 12-year career at Anfield to reunite with fellow former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard at Saudi Pro League club Al Ettifaq, signing a three-year deal which will see him reportedly earn £700,000-per-week.  In an interview on Liverpool's official website, Liverpool manager Klopp addressed the club captain's exit, admitting the Reds will miss him heading into the 2023/24 campaign. "Monday when we arrived back in Liverpool, Hendo was waiting for us to say goodbye properly to the team and to the coaching staff as well, so that was a really nice gesture - a really nice thing to do," Klopp revealed. "I know it was a really, really tough decision for Hendo and I was around or with him all the way. It's sad, absolutely strange, because he is the only captain I had here at Liverpool, but I think it is exciting for him as well.  "We will miss him, without a shadow of a doubt, that's clear - as a man and as a player. But, as I said, that's football." feed Klopp also discussed the legacy Henderson will leave at Liverpool, having captained the side to both a Premier League and UEFA Champions League triumph. "In the future when people are looking back then they will realise Jordan Henderson was the skipper of [our] most successful squad until then - I hope we can create another one - and the skipper of the first Premier League title winners and all these kind of things," Klopp explained. "That's a special career. He should be and will be in the future proud of it." 90min understands that Liverpool are currently in the market to find a replacement for Henderson, and are preparing a second bid for Romeo Lavia in the coming days having seen an initial bid be rejected by the midfielder's current club Southampton. 
