Ousmane Dembele agrees significant Barcelona wage cut; Raphinha waits to complete move
Jul 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/ousmane-dembele-agrees-significant-barcelona-wage-cut-raphinha-waits-to-complete-move
Ousmane Dembele has agreed a substantial wage cut to remain at Barcelona, 90min understands, as the club also press ahead with the transfer of Leeds winger Raphinha. Talks progressed over the weekend for both deals after 90min confirmed early on Saturday that both moves were close, and there's expected to be further movement in the coming days. Dembele, whose previous deal with Barca expired at the start of July, has been locked in talks over a new contract for weeks, but has also fielded interest from elsewhere - the strongest of which has come from Chelsea. But the Frenchman is set to spurn the advances of the Premier League and will instead sign a two-year contract extension at Camp Nou - which will initially see a reduction of 40% on his salary. Dembele has agreed to lower his wages in the belief that a new and improved deal could be on the table next summer, by which point it is expected Barca's finances will be much improved. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Head coach Xavi has pushed hard for the club to retain Dembele, but that will not deter Barcelona in their pursuit of Raphinha, who is another leading target for Chelsea. Chelsea agreed terms with Leeds at the start of the month but Raphinha has remained focused on securing a move to Catalunya, although he hasn't rejected a move to Stamford Bridge at any point.
