Olivier Giroud reveals new extension clause in Chelsea contract
Jan 5, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/olivier-giroud-reveals-new-extension-clause-in-chelsea-contract
Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud has revealed that there is another option in his contract which would see the Frenchman extend his stay at the club for a further 12 months. Giroud was widely expected to leave Stamford Bridge in January 2020, only for the Blues to trigger a clause which was previously unknown outside of the club and keep him on the books for a little while longer. While Giroud is now enjoying more minutes at Chelsea, talk of a potential exit this January has returned, but the 34-year-old has confessed that he does not see himself going anywhere in the winter window. “My career, in the short term, I see it at Chelsea," he told Le Dauphine Libere. "Now, we know things go quickly in football, both in good and bad ways. I want to keep my head clear and focus on the pitch. I’m coming to the end of my contract at Chelsea in June, even if we have the option of another year. “We’ll go over things at the end of the year. But, once again, I have the ambition of winning something with Chelsea this season because I have a lot of hope due to the quality of our squad." ????ivier Giroud! ? pic.twitter.com/2gLJDzuLLt In terms of potential suitors for Giroud, Atletico Madrid have been linked recently, but most of the rumours revolve around a possible switch to Juventus. Manager Andrea Pirlo recently admitted to DAZN (via Football Italia) that he would like to have Giroud in his squad, and the story has spiralled out of control to the point that Turkish journalist Ekrem Konur has claimed that Juventus have already lodged an official bid. Konur claims that Giroud is 'pleased' with Juventus' interest, despite the fact that the Frenchman has just admitted that he wants to stay at Chelsea until at least the remainder of the season. In a return to reality, Corriere dello Sport state that Juventus know signing Giroud will be extremely difficult and they are already looking at potential alternatives, so it really doesn't seem as though there is much to this one.
