Inter & Roma Close to Confirming Loan Extensions for Man Utd Pair Alexis Sánchez & Chris Smalling
Jun 1, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-roma-close-to-confirming-loan-extensions-for-man-utd-paid-alexis-sanchez-chris-smalling-01e9qa9snz73
Manchester United's Alexis Sánchez and Chris Smalling are both expected to extend their loans in Italy - until the end of the season at least. Serie A are aiming for a return on 20 June, just ten days before most loan contracts are set to expire, so teams and players would need to agree to temporary extensions in order to finish the season with their current sides. For Sánchez and Smalling, that is not expected to be a problem. Starting with the Chilean, Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio told Sky Sports that they want to keep Sánchez around so they can make a definitive decision over whether they want to keep him. "Our will is to end the season with all these players," Ausilio said. "If their contracts are ending, we are going to deal with the situation. The only thing that I can announce because it is official is that we triggered our option for [Ashley] Young. "We rely on Sánchez in these [next few] months, above all to be able to give a definitive evaluation of this player, who was injured and couldn't play for a long time. "Before this injury he was doing very well. I remember the matches against Barcelona and Sampdoria. That was the Sánchez of his best seasons, both with Udinese and with Arsenal.  @inter ⚽️ A post shared by  Alexis Sanchez (@alexis_officia1) on May 26, 2020 at 11:33am PDT "After the injury, he had just little time and then came into this very unlucky period [the coronavirus crisis]. But now since Serie A is resuming he will have the chance to prove his worth and then together we will take a decision." It's a similar situation for Smalling. La Gazzetta dello Sport note that United have agreed to allow the centre-back to finish the campaign with Roma, and talks have shifted towards a permanent deal for Smalling. Roma are eager to sign Smalling permanently and the feeling is mutual, but United are currently standing in the way of an agreement as the finances aren't right for them. It's suggested that Roma could choose to bring Smalling back on loan for another season, paying a €4m fee and covering his wages, but United would likely be hesitant to agree to such a deal as Smalling's contract expires in 2022.
