Andre Silva €30m release clause speculation denied by agent
Apr 16, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/andre-silva-release-clause-speculation-denied
Early on Friday afternoon, it appeared Manchester United and Barcelona had been boosted by the news that transfer target Andre Silva had a €30m release clause written into his contract. The Portugal international has been in terrific form for Eintracht Frankfurt this season after joining on a permanent transfer last summer, scoring 24 goals and registering four assists in 28 games across all competitions. He has even outscored the highly-sought after Erling Haaland in the Bundesliga this season and his form has attracted the attention of some of Europe's top clubs once more following a failed stint at AC Milan. With Manchester United in the market for a striker and chasing heavyweights Harry Kane and Haaland, there is potential that they could look to sign a cheaper option to improve the squad as they look to bolster other positions too. Silva is a name they have also been linked with. It was reported by Sport1 that Silva has a release clause of just €30m (£26m) and would be willing to move to a top team if they came calling, despite Frankfurt being well placed to qualify for the Champions League. But just hours later, those rumours have been shot down. Goal confirm that a spokesman for Gestifute consultancy, who represent 25-year-old Silva, has denied the existence of such a clause, also noting that there is also no verbal agreement to let him leave for that price. Though such an appealing price tag doesn't tag actually exist, that's not to say that Manchester United won't actively look to pursue a deal for Silva. He's previously played alongside international teammate Bruno Fernandes at Sporting CP, and we all know how well he's adapted to life in the Premier League. United do need to strengthen in other core areas, but spending wisely on Silva, rather than outlandishly on Haaland or Kane, could prove to be a shrewd piece of business that allows Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to splash the cash elsewhere.
