Fulham set Aleksandar Mitrovic valuation in attempt to stave off Saudi Arabia interest
Jul 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/fulham-aleksandar-mitrovic-valuation-attempt-stave-off-saudi-arabia-interest
Fulham are standing firm over Aleksandar Mitrovic's valuation and will not consider selling him for less than what they consider his market value, sources have confirmed to 90min. The Cottagers have rejected two offers from Saudi Pro League outfit Al Hilal, with the second coming in at around £30m. Fulham rejected both approaches out of hand, despite Mitrovic making it clear to them that he wants the chance to explore the opportunity of a move to Saudi Arabia. The west London outfit insist they do not want to let him go, and to even consider a sale, sources have told 90min that Fulham value Mitrovic at more than £60m. The Serbia international scored 14 Premier League goals last season, having bagged a record breaking 43 in the Championship the year before. Mitrovic also has three years left on his current deal, which has led them to this figure in excess of £60m. As it stands, Al Hilal are ready to return with another offer, but it is not expected to be anywhere near the figure Fulham would consider. Mitrovic, although unhappy, has travelled with the first-team squad for their pre-season tour. feed It has been reported elsewhere that Mitrovic has told his camp he does not want to play for the club again, but it remains to be seen if that will be the case. As well as standing firm over Mitrovic, Fulham are also maintaining this stance with Joao Palhinha, who has been the subject of a bid from West Ham United and is linked with Liverpool. West Ham came in with an offer of under £50m, which was immediately rejected. 90min understands that Fulham again would want in excess of £60m for the Portugal international before they would entertain letting him leave. Fulham feel Palhinha was one of the Premier League's top performing midfielders last season following his arrival from Sporting. They have little need or desire to sell for less than his perceived worth.
