Chelsea enquire about Kyle Walker-Peters as Denzel Dumfries alternative
Aug 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-enquire-about-kyle-walker-peters-as-denzel-dumfries-alternative
Chelsea have enquired about Southampton's asking price for defender Kyle Walker-Peters, 90min understands, as they continue their search for quality depth in the wing-back positions. Head coach Thomas Tuchel and new owner Todd Boehly are on the lookout for strong rotation options for the likes of Reece James and Ben Chilwell. Veteran Cesar Azpilicueta is likely to have to provide cover at centre-back, but only if he stays at Stamford Bridge and does not complete a move to Barcelona. As reported by 90min, Chelsea have already held talks with Inter over first-choice right-sided target Denzel Dumfries and they are willing to meet Brighton's £50m asking price for left-sided full-back Marc Cucurella, with whom personal terms are unlikely to be an obstacle. Sources suggest Inter are expecting the Blues to make a firm offer for Dumfries in the coming days, but the London club are lining up alternatives having already been frustrated on a number of occasions in the transfer window this summer. 90min understands one option Chelsea are considering is Walker-Peters, who has emerged as one of the Southampton's most consistent performers since making a loan move from Tottenham permanent in 2020. The 25-year-old impressed at right-back, right wing-back and left-back last season, earning a first senior call-up to Gareth Southgate's England squad in March and featuring in friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Another name on Chelsea's radar is Adama Traore, as reported by 90min, who is seeking an exit from Wolves this summer and is also attracting interest from Tottenham.
