Transfer rumours: Chelsea's £200m budget; Sevilla snub Martial
May 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-chelsea-200m-budget-sevilla-snub-martial
Incoming Chelsea owner Todd Boehly will give Thomas Tuchel as much as £200m this summer to spend on new players. Sevilla defender Jules Kounde and RB Leipzig centre-half Josko Gvardiol are at the top of an eight-player shortlist of potential Chelsea signings. Arsenal have held exploratory talks with Napoli over a move for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus is also on the club's radar. Leeds winger Raphinha has told the club's board of directors that he wants to join Barcelona. The Catalan giants saw a bid for the Brazilian rejected earlier this year. Sevilla will not turn Anthony Martial's disappointing loan spell from Manchester United into a permanent move. Juventus could step in and make a move for forgotten Arsenal midfielder Lucas Torreira after talks with Fiorentina broke down. Eden Hazard has ruled out leaving Real Madrid and insists he wants to "show everyone what I can do" after a torrid struggle with injuries. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, withScott Saunders,Graeme Bailey&Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss West Ham's Declan Rice contract plans, Gabriel Jesus' Manchester City future and how Aston Villa still want Yves Bissouma despite adding Boubacar Kamara to their ranks. There's also chat on Kylian Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, Aurielen Tchouameni & Mohamed Salah. Free agent Luis Suarez could link up with Inter Miami after leaving Atletico Madrid. The Uruguayan is also wanted at Aston Villa by former teammate, and now manager, Steven Gerrard. Manchester United are leading the race to sign Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, although he will likely cost in the region of €65m-€70m. West Ham are continuing to hold talks with Rennes defender Nayef Aguerd, while they are also locked in negotiations with Jesse Lingard. PSG have joined Liverpool and Manchester United in the race to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford is no interest in leaving the club and will instead undergo warm weather training in a bid to impress Erik ten Hag. Everton and Crystal Palace are interested in Watford winger Ismaila Sarr, who could be available for a reduced fee after the club's relegation. Newcastle want to bulk out their squad with Leeds winger Jack Harrison. The 25-year-old scored eight Premier League goals last season, including the winner against Brentford on the final day which ensured the club's survival.
