Cristiano Ronaldo reiterates desire to leave Manchester United
Jul 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/cristiano-ronaldo-reiterates-desire-to-leave-manchester-united
Cristiano Ronaldo confirmed during his recent meeting with Manchester United that he still sees his future away from the club, 90min understands. Ronaldo, accompanied by his agent Jorge Mendes, met with club officials including United chief executive officer Richard Arnold and manager Erik ten Hag on Tuesday.  The player's camp made it clear in June that Ronaldo wanted to leave Old Trafford after United's failure to qualify for the Champions League last season. Sources familiar with the latest meeting have since confirmed his stance hasn't changed, even after face to face talks. This week was the first time Ronaldo had returned to United since the end of last season. The 37-year-old was granted a period of leave by the club which meant he missed their tour of Thailand and Australia. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Phil Foden's new Man City contract, and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Since Ronaldo's original decision, United have made it clear that they do not want to lose him and that he is firmly in the plans of new boss Ten Hag. During the meeting on Tuesday, whilst maintaining their exit stance, it is understood that Mendes also put forward a number of options to United that could help facilitate a possible move. A loan, which would include Ronaldo agreeing to another year on his current deal which runs to 2023, was pitched, though United do hold the option to trigger a year's extension on Ronaldo's contract after it was signed last summer. The possibility of cancelling the remaining year of Ronaldo's deal was also pitched by Mendes, allowing Ronaldo the freedom to choose his next club. Mendes and Ronaldo are of the belief that there are a number of options waiting for him, and they are not panicking due to the fact over a month remains in the transfer window. Representatives from Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid have both spoken publicly about transfer links to Ronaldo, ruling out possible moves as it stands, while Chelsea backed away from initial interest in the player after Thomas Tuchel decided against it. Blues co-owner Todd Boehly is still believed to be keeping tabs on the situation, however, with Chelsea short of a centre forward.
