Football transfer rumours: Liverpool eye De Jong; PSG ready to sell Neymar to Chelsea
Apr 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-eye-de-jong-psg-ready-sell-neymar-chelsea-24-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool are keen to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, who could be sold to ease the club's financial struggles even though he does not want to leave Camp Nou. (Fichajes) However, another expensive Liverpool target, RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol, is no longer a top priority amid concerns over his £80m price tag. (Football Insider) Chelsea's struggles to meet Financial Fair Play requirements will see them cool their interest in Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, pushing Manchester United to the front of the queue for his signature. United are prepared to outbid Paris Saint-Germain to get a deal done. (Football Insider) In an attempt to save some money, Chelsea could offer Hakim Ziyech to Napoli as part of their bid for Osimhen after the Serie A side expressed an interest in the winger. (Mirror) PSG are prepared to sell Neymar this summer, with Chelsea and another Premier League club both interested in getting a deal done. (Mirror) Leaving Chelsea could be centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly, who is unhappy at Stamford Bridge and has contacted Juventus over a summer transfer. (Gazzetta dello Sport) feed Villarreal winger Samuel Chukwueze, who has a €100m release clause, is of interest to Arsenal, Liverpool and Real Madrid. (Defensa Central) Arsenal will release Ainsley Maitland-Niles this summer after declining to trigger the extension clause in his contract. The 25-year-old is currently on loan at Southampton. (The Athletic) Tottenham have begun work on a deal to sign Sporting CP midfielder Pedro Goncalves but must fend off interest from Aston Villa. (Record) As he approaches the final year of his Manchester City contract, Kyle Walker is attracting interest from AC Milan. (Times)
