Ibrahima Konate wants Liverpool to sign France teammate
Jun 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ibrahima-konate-wants-liverpool-to-sign-france-teammate
Liverpool defender Ibrahima Konate has revealed his admiration for France teammate Khephren Thuram and admitted he would like the midfielder to join him at Anfield. The Reds' weaknesses in their ageing midfield were exposed throughout a testing 2022/23 season, with Jurgen Klopp's side finishing fifth in the Premier League table. They have already sought to address some of these issues with the signing of Brighton and Argentina star Alexis Mac Allister, and 90min understands they want to add at least one other midfielder to their ranks before the end of the summer transfer window. Borussia Monchengladbach's Manu Kone is on their radar, as is Nice's Thuram - son of France legend Lillian and brother of in-demand forward Marcus. 90min understands that Nice are open to selling Thuram though they won't be pressured into a cheap sale. Like Liverpool, PSG are in talks over a deal. Speaking to RMC Sport on Tuesday, Konate revealed that he has a strong relationship with Thuram and he would love to see him join Liverpool. feed "Khephren, he's like a younger brother, he's someone I saw grow," Thuram began. "I was with his older brother at academy level. I saw him perform well and progress greatly...it was incredible. Even when he came to join the French national team for his first cap. I saw him in training and I was really surprised by his height and his technical ability. "[I would be] very happy to see him join Liverpool, I would take him under my wing and I will do everything to help him progress. Now it's his turn to work. But I'll do everything for him to become a top player." Konate has made steady progress himself at Liverpool since joining from RB Leipzig in 2021, making his senior France debut last year and earning nine caps so far at senior level. The defender has been called up to Didier Deschamps' squad for the June internationals, while Thuram will head to the European Championships with the Under-21 side.
