Football transfer rumours: Man Utd's Maguire replacement; PSG identify top target
May 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-maguire-replacement-psg-identify-top-target-8-5-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have put Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva top of their summer transfer wishlist. (Le 10 Sport) Manchester United have been tipped to offer £35m for Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae as a replacement for out of favour captain Harry Maguire. (Mirror) Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong is set to meet with the club to discuss his future. The Dutchman was a main target for Manchester United last summer. (The Sun) Liverpool are yet to make contact with Brighton over a potential move for Argentina international Alexis Mac Allister. (The Athletic) Tottenham have enquired over a price for Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie. (SPORT) The agent of out of favour Manchester City defender Joao Cancelo has met with Barcelona. (SPORT) Barcelona are linked with a slightly bizarre part-exchange deal that could see them sell Ansu Fati to Wolves in order to land Ruben Neves. (Mail) Arsenal are set to pocket another £2m from last summer’s sale of Bernd Leno to Fulham as a result of the German goalkeeper hitting milestones to trigger add-ons. (The Sun) feed Newcastle are taking interest in Fenerbahce teenager Arda Guler, dubbed the ‘Turkish Messi’. (Mail) Manchester City could turn to Bayern Munich midfielder Ryan Gravenberch now that Jude Bellingham is expected to join Real Madrid instead. (Mirror) Manchester City are yet to make a firm offer with exact numbers to Jude Bellingham or Borussia Dortmund over a potential transfer. (The Athletic) Roma have agreed to sign Houssem Aouar from Lyon as a free agent, a player who was once heavily linked with Arsenal. (Sky Sport Italia) Aston Villa could be willing to pay the £60m that Fulham would ask for Joao Palhinha. (Football Insider) Brentford are interested in signing Liverpool goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher. (The Sun)
