Real Salt Lake confirm deal to sign Hamburg striker Bobby Wood
Apr 2, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-salt-lake-confirm-bobby-wood-pre-contract-agreement
Real Salt Lake have confirmed they have reached a pre-contract agreement with Hamburg striker Bobby Wood to bring the USA international back to his homeland this summer. The 28-year-old, who has spent his entire senior career in Germany, has started just once in the 2. Bundesliga this season and has long been linked with a return to Major League Soccer. ? super hot fire ? pic.twitter.com/RvTdZYUGws Talks with Real Salt Lake were first reported back in January, and now the club have confirmed on their official website that they have struck a deal to bring Wood in on a free transfer once his deal with Hamburg expires. There had been rumours that Wood could join Real Salt Lake permanently in March when the MLS window opened, but instead the 28-year-old will remain in Germany until June 30 before making the move. “It was really important for me to get into a club that felt like a family and that’s why it feels so good to come into Real Salt Lake," Wood said. "In talking with the coaches, that was the vibe I got and made it an easy decision.   "I think the work ethic will fit the club very well."See the full interview with Bobby Wood? “I’m excited for this new chapter and challenge and I want to make it as successful as possible.”  General Manager Elliot Fall added: “We are extremely excited to welcome Bobby and his family to Salt Lake City and our Club. His proven track-record as a goal scorer, combined with his work rate and tenacity will be invaluable additions to our roster. “He is a player who we have tracked for several years and are quite familiar with from his extensive experience with the US National Team. "Over the last several months, we have had the pleasure to get to know him more personally and have the utmost confidence he will have a positive impact on our roster and locker room for years to come.”
