Inter Miami confirm interest in Lionel Messi & Sergio Busquets
Feb 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-miami-confirm-interest-lionel-messi-sergio-busquets
Inter Miami manager Phil Neville has confirmed his side's interest in signing both Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets this summer. Messi's contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires in the summer but he has multiple options. His deal contains a 12-month extension clause but PSG are keen to tie him down to fresh terms, while Barcelona are pursuing a reunion with Messi and are growing in confidence about their chances of getting a deal done. Busquets is also in the final six months of his deal with Barcelona but has not yet confirmed whether he will sign an extension or not. Both players are wanted in Miami by Neville, who spoke openly with The Times about his desire to get both deals done. “I’m not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets,” Neville said. “Since I joined Miami, I think we’ve been linked with every single top player in world football. From Sergio Ramos, Dani Alves, Robert Lewandowski, Willian, Cesc Fabregas, Luis Suarez... all of them you can rattle off. “We’re always going to be linked with the best players in the world. We had Gonzalo Higuain and Blaise Matuidi. Now we’ve got the opportunity to bring in some new designated players following their retirements.” On this edition of Talking Transfers, part of the 90min podcast network, Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth discuss Mauricio Pochettino turning down Chelsea, Leeds and West Ham's manager situation, Mason Mount links to Liverpool, Man City's interest in Declan Rice & more. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Neville continued: “We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They’re great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organisation. For MLS, it would be a game-changer.”
