Arthur excited to be on 'right side' of Anfield atmosphere
Sep 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/arthur-excited-liverpool-anfield-atmosphere
New Liverpool signing Arthur has revealed he is looking forward to feeling what playing at Anfield is like as part of the home side. The Brazil midfielder sealed a Deadline Day switch from Juventus on an initial loan deal which includes the option for Liverpool to make it permanent for €37.5m next summer. He has faced Liverpool once in his career, the second leg of the 2018/19 Champions League semi-final in which his Barcelona side famously fell 4-0 at Anfield, and Arthur admitted that he was in awe of the home crowd that evening. "Liverpool have a wonderful history in football," he told club media. "I’ve played against Liverpool, I know what it feels like to be in the stadium with the fans behind them. I was with the opposition and now I’m on the right side so I’m really excited. It’s a massive club with a great manager and great players. It’s a dream to be here. "It’s really emotional. As I mentioned, I’ve experienced playing in the stadium with such an incredible place in football history. I was on the other side, not anymore. I could feel the emotion on the pitch, the fans never stopped cheering. They pushed the team on and on. "I’m sure it will be an unforgettable life experience for me, I’m really looking forward to getting started straight away and feeling these emotions. I really can’t wait." Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey,Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you a live deadline day edition of Talking Transfers. The team welcome Daniel Childs and Julien Laurens to the show to discuss Chelsea's late window activity, Arsenal's pursuit of Douglas Luiz, Paris Saint-Germain's summer signings & much more! The show is also available on all audio platforms. Arthur arrives at Liverpool having fallen out of favour at Juventus, starting just 11 Serie A games last season, and he confessed he is looking to re-establish himself during his time at Anfield.
