AC Milan Confirm Signing of Norwegian Youngster Jens Petter Hauge
Oct 1, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/ac-milan-confirm-signing-of-norwegian-youngster-jens-petter-hauge
AC Milan have completed the signing of Norwegian starlet Jens Petter Hauge from Bodø/Glimt on a permanent deal. The 20-year-old winger forced his way into the global spotlight this summer with his performances in the Europa League qualifying stages, which saw Hauge bag a goal and an assist against Milan themselves. Writing your name: - on the contract ?️ - on the scoresheet ?⚽ (this time playing for us) Welcome, Jens Petter Hauge! ?? #ReadyToUnleash #SempreMilan pic.twitter.com/AHpBQ4vPxi Almost immediately after watching him score his screamer (seriously, go look it up), Milan opened negotiations with Bodø/Glimt to bring Hauge over to Italy, and they have now taken to their official website to confirm the deal is done. Hauge, who is described as a striker in the statement but plays primarily on the left wing, has penned a five-year contract at San Siro and has been given the number 15 shirt. His goal against Milan may have helped him seal the transfer, but scouts will likely have been following Hauge for the majority of 2020, during which he has emerged as one of Norway's most exciting young talents.  ?gårsdagen va fin A post shared by  Jens Petter Hauge (@jenspetterhauge) on Sep 14, 2020 at 2:15am PDT The 2020 domestic season saw Hauge bag an incredible 14 goals and ten assists in just 18 games, earning himself a debut call up to Norway's international squad for the upcoming fixtures with Serbia, Romania and Northern Ireland. Hauge becomes Milan's seventh new signing of the summer, following Sandro Tonali, Pierre Kalulu, Ciprian Tătăruşanu, Simon Kjaer, Alexis Saelemaekers and Brahim Díaz in sealing moves to Stefano Pioli's side. After finishing sixth in Serie A last season, Milan have enjoyed an unbeaten start to the current campaign, winning their first two games and keeping clean sheets in both fixtures - 2-0 victories over Bologna and Crotone.
