PSG accept Lionel Messi unlikely to extend contract | Further Barcelona talks planned
Apr 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-accept-lionel-messi-unlikely-to-extend-contract-barcelona-talks-planned
Paris Saint-Germain have accepted that Lionel Messi is unlikely to extend his contract in the French capital, 90min understands, with further talks planned between Barcelona and the Argentine's father. Messi's contract with PSG expires in the summer and talks have been ongoing throughout the year over a new deal. However, sources have told 90min that PSG have now accepted that it is unlikely that 35-year-old Messi, who won the World Cup with Argentina at the back end of last year, will stay at Parc des Princes beyond this season. That further opens the door to a return to Barcelona, after 90min recently revealed that a reunion was becoming a more likely outcome. Barcelona have been very open with their interest in bringing Messi back to Catalonia - Barca vice-president Rafa Yuste admitted last week that the club are 'in contact' with the forward and his entourage. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed "Leo and his family know the affection I have for them," he said to SPORT. "I participated in the negotiations that unfortunately did not lead to success. "I'm gutted that Leo could not continue at out club. If you talk about La Masia, you talk about Messi. Of course, I would love to see him come back, for what it could represent at a sporting, social and economic level. and I think the fans too because beautiful stories in life have to have a happy ending. And we are in love with Messi and I think Messi is in love with Barça and the city of Barcelona. We are in contact with them, yes." Sources have confirmed to 90min that Jorge Messi will fly to Barcelona within the next week to continue discussing a free transfer back to Camp Nou two years after his 21-year association with the club came to an emotional and dramatic end. Messi is still being courted by MLS side Inter Miami and clubs in Saudi Arabia, meanwhile, with lucrative offers in the works to try and tempt him to leave Europe. LISTEN NOW
