Raheem Sterling not interested in joining Spurs as part of Man City's Harry Kane bid
Jun 22, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/raheem-sterling-not-interested-joining-spurs-man-city-harry-kane-bid
Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling would not be interested in joining Tottenham this summer as part of a potential deal to take Harry Kane to the Etihad Stadium. City are determined to sign a new striker this summer and, having shown genuine interest in the likes of Erling Haaland, Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez, are widely reported to have made a £100m bid for Kane that could also include players in part-exchange. Sterling is among a number of City players believed to have grown dissatisfied with their role at the Premier League champions, with the England international starting fewer Premier League games in 2020/21 than he has done in any other season under Pep Guardiola. Bernardo Silva, Rodri, Joao Cancelo and Riyad Mahrez are all also rumoured to be unsettled or ready to move on. But Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Aymeric Laporte in particular had been rumoured to be names in the frame to be offered as possible makeweights for Kane. However, ESPN writes that Sterling isn’t open to being part of any such deal and if he were to leave City this summer he would want it to be on his own terms. Sterling will turn 27 next season and should now be at the peak of his powers. But joining Spurs, who finished seventh in the Premier League in 2020/21 and will be competing in the third tier Europa Conference League, rather than the Champions League, would be a step backwards. Spurs also remain in disarray in their search for a new manager, having seen talks with several candidates fall apart in recent weeks and seemingly still no closer to appointing a permanent successor to Jose Mourinho, who was sacked two months ago. 90min revealed earlier this month that with Spurs determined not to let Kane move to another Premier League club, the striker is open to a move abroad. In that sense, he favours Paris Saint-Germain as it would mean reuniting with Mauricio Pochettino.
