Chelsea agree British record deal with Brighton for Moises Caicedo
Aug 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-agree-british-record-deal-brighton-moises-caicedo
Chelsea have agreed a British record deal of £115m with Brighton & Hove Albion to sign midfielder Moises Caicedo, sources have confirmed to 90min. Just hours after their Premier League opener with Liverpool at Stamford Bridge, which ended 1-1, Chelsea reached an agreement with Brighton over their top summer transfer target. Caicedo is now due for his medical in London after which point he will put pen to paper on an eight-year contract which will also have an option for another season. The news of the agreement brings to an a frantic few days which has seen Chelsea beat Premier League rivals Liverpool to Caicedo's signature. Chelsea had been pursuing Caicedo all summer but up until last week refused to make a bid of over £80m, with Brighton demanding at least £100m for the South American midfielder, until Liverpool suddenly made an offer on Thursday evening and agreed terms on a deal worth £111m. feed With Caicedo due for a medical on Merseyside on Friday, Liverpool looked to have beaten their top-flight rivals to his signature, but it then emerged that the 21-year-old had informed Brighton of his unwillingness to finalise a move to Anfield as he preferred to join Chelsea. Although Liverpool's offer remained on the table, Chelsea began talks and soon became confident of finally bringing Caicedo to Stamford Bridge. Now Chelsea have agreed a deal worth £115m which will see them break the British transfer record once again. The Blues paid £106m for Enzo Fernandez in January but are set to exceed that figure for Caicedo. Brighton will receive £100m in guaranteed money from Chelsea with a further £15m in add-ons, while the Seagulls will also retain a sell-on clause. Meanwhile, 90min understands that Chelsea believe they are well placed to finalise a deal to bring Southampton's Romeo Lavia to the club. Both Chelsea and again Liverpool have agreed fees with the Saints worth around £55m for the Belgian international midfielder.
