Tahith Chong Close to Sealing Werder Bremen Loan
Aug 16, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/tahith-chong-close-sealing-werder-bremen-loan
Dutch winger Tahith Chong is closing in on a loan move to Dutch side Werder Bremen as manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer looks to free up space in his squad for new signings. The highly rated 20-year-old has struggled to force his way into the senior setup at Old Trafford, seeing just 34 minutes of Premier League action and instead being forced to settle for minutes in cup competitions. His struggles had prompted rumours he could be tempted to leave the club permanently, but a loan move soon became the only option after extending his contract back in March, and The Times note that Bremen are close to completing a deal to sign him for the upcoming season. Talks have been ongoing for some time now and could well be completed in the next 48 hours, with Bremen confirming on Twitter that the Dutchman has been released from United's Europa League squad to train with the German side. Bremen will not pay any loan fee but will cover the majority of his wages, with Solskjaer desperate to find Chong the regular game time he needs to stake a claim for a spot in the United first team. ℹ️ Although the final terms of his move are yet to be agreed, Tahith Chong has been given permission to train with the club and will therefore join this morning's session. @TahithC #werder pic.twitter.com/dcEWcEaNfH One player whose chance has already passed by is midfielder Andreas Pereira, who is expected to follow Chong out the door soon enough. Benfica are keen on the Brazilian and there is also plenty of interest from Spain and Germany. Solskjaer's top priority is to trim his squad to free up funds and make space for new signings. Alexis Sánchez's move to Inter is already done, and Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Jesse Lingard and Chris Smalling could all follow him out the door this summer. In attack, Borussia Dortmund's Jadon Sancho is top of Solskjaer's wish list, with a deal expected to be worth close to the £100m mark if it goes through, while Aston Villa's Jack Grealish is also on the radar.
