Gonzalo Higuaín to Become Highest Earner in MLS at Inter Miami
Sep 13, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/gonzalo-higuain-to-become-highest-earner-in-mls-inter-miami
Argentinian striker Gonzalo Higuaín is expected to become the highest-paid player in Major League Soccer once his move to Inter Miami is finalised. The 32-year-old is still technically on the books at Juventus, but I Bianconeri are believed to have negotiated a pay-off to terminate his contract a year earlier than scheduled. A warm welcome to Gonzalo Higuain, a world class striker and champion.⁦@G_Higuain⁩ pic.twitter.com/29wT86aA2J Higuaín has since been pictured at Miami International Airport alongside Inter Miami co-owner Jorge Mas, and manager Diego Alonso has also confirmed that he has landed for a medical and should be confirmed as a new player soon. According to the Miami Herald, Higuaín is close to putting pen to paper on a two-year contract which will see the striker take home an annual salary of $7m (around £5.5m) per season - more than any other player in the league. He will take the place of Zlatan Ibrahimović, who took home a league-high $7.2m last season with LA Galaxy before joining AC Milan in January. Higuaín is also believed to have picked up a cool $2m (£1.5m) from Juventus by having his contract terminated, with the Italian side keen to free up enough money to replace him with Barcelona's Luis Suárez. He regularly started under former boss Maurizio Sarri but managed just 11 goals in all competitions last season. Now, with Andrea Pirlo in the dugout, Higuaín's time at the Allianz Stadium appears to be up. After arriving in Miami on Thursday, Higuaín must spend ten days in quarantine before being allowed to join up with his teammates. He will therefore miss Sunday's meeting with Atlanta United but could make his debut the following Thursday against New York Red Bulls. In Miami, Higuaín will join up with former Juventus teammate Blaise Matuidi, who saw his own contract with the Serie A side torn up this summer too.
