Transfer rumours: Man Utd and Chelsea want Lewandowski; Nkunku future
Jun 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-chelsea-want-lewandowski-nkunku-future
Manchester United are ready to swoop for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski if his anticipated move to Barcelona fails to go through. Chelsea are also readying a bid for Lewandowski, but only if they are able to shift Romelu Lukaku off their books this summer. The Blues have delayed new contract talks with defender Reece James, but are not concerned by interest from Real Madrid and Manchester City. Liverpool are close to completing a deal for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez which should then pave the way for Sadio Mane to join Bayern Munich. RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku is set to shun interest from elsewhere to instead sign a new contract with the DFB Pokal winners. Arsenal are continuing to monitor Real Madrid's 26-year-old winger Marco Asensio ahead of a possible summer bid. The Spaniard is expected to discuss his future at the Santiago Bernabeu next week. Granit Xhaka has been shortlisted by Bayer Leverkusen and could be allowed to leave if the Gunners wrap up a deal for Leicester and Belgium star Youri Tielemans. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Manchester City are prepared to hold firm and price Bernardo Silva out of a move to Barcelona this summer. Paris Saint-Germain are stepping up their interest in Inter centre-back Milan Skriniar, although the Slovakian is likely to cost in excess of £50m. Luis Suarez is yet to decide whether he wants to unite with former teammate Steven Gerrard at Aston Villa with the latter prepared to listen to offers for Danny Ings. Forgotten Everton forward Moise Kean is interested in returning to PSG with a permanent switch to Juventus, who he played for on loan last season, looking unlikely. West Ham could launch a £25m bid for Watford winger Ismaila Sarr following the latter's relegation to the Championship. Newcastle and Liverpool, as well as a number of teams from abroad, have also been linked.
