Leeds braced for departures of key players
May 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-braced-for-departures-of-kalvin-phillips-raphinha
Leeds United are facing up to the prospect of losing two of their biggest stars in Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips, while other key men could also leave Elland Road. The Whites only secured Premier League safety on the final day of the 2021/22 season after a win at Brentford saw them overtake Burnley - who lost to Newcastle - in the standings. And the club hierarchy are now preparing for life without some of their biggest assets. Raphinha has already held talks with Barcelona and the Catalan giants are ready to push through a deal for the Brazil international. His agent, Deco, has already agreed personal terms with Barça, but there was an agreement with Raphinha that they would wait until the end of the season to initiate talks with Leeds. Intermediaries are already working on the deal and Barcelona do not expect any major stumbling blocks as they know the player wants to make the move to Camp Nou. With Raphinha set to head through the exit door, it is unlikely that it will shut straight behind him. There is serious interest in Kalvin Phillips and Leeds have a huge task to persuade him to stay, as 90min revealed earlier this year. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss West Ham's Declan Rice contract plans, Gabriel Jesus' Manchester City future and how Aston Villa still want Yves Bissouma despite adding Boubacar Kamara to their ranks. There's also chat on Kylian Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, Aurielen Tchouameni & Mohamed Salah. Phillips’ current deal is well below his market value and Leeds would need to make him one of their highest earners. If they they don’t, there are a number of sides who are ready to do so, and as yet a new deal has not been offered. 25-year-old Phillips is on the shortlist of a host of clubs. 90min understands that Manchester City, Liverpool, Newcastle, Arsenal, Tottenham, West Ham and Aston Villa have all had conversations about the England international in recent months and are keeping abreast of his situation. Phillips is set to hold talks with Leeds imminently regarding his future, and the expectation is that a move away from Elland Road will be the most likely outcome this summer. Aside from Raphinha and Phillips, another player attracting interest is winger Jack Harrison.
