Aston Villa 'explore' deals for Tammy Abraham & Axel Tuanzebe
Aug 4, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/aston-villa-transfer-news-tammy-abraham-axel-tuanzebe
Aston Villa are ‘exploring’ potential deals for Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham and Manchester United defender Axel Tuanzebe ahead of the new Premier League season, with captain and talisman Jack Grealish increasingly likely to join Manchester City. Determined to qualify for Europe, Villa have already invested heavily in new signings this summer with deals to sign Argentine playmaker Emi Buendia and Jamaican winger Leon Bailey. They were unsuccessful in a pursuit of Arsenal talent Emile Smith Rowe but have been determined to sign another attacking player regardless of what happens with Grealish. A new centre-back would also add depth to a defensive unit that was widely praised last season. 90min revealed on Saturday that both Villa and Manchester City expect a British record £100m deal for Grealish to be completed by the end of this week. Sources on both sides have confirmed there is an agreement in principle and it is now up to the player’s camp to agree personal terms. But having leapt from 17th place in the Premier League 2019/20 to 11th last season, a rapidly improving Villa are wasting little time in ensuring they are well equipped for the campaign ahead. The west midlands club had already been linked with Chelsea’s Abraham earlier in the summer and the Daily Mail reports that an approach is now on the table, with Villa financially able to pull it off. Chelsea are expected to hold out for £40m for the 23-year-old, who has scored 30 goals in all competitions over the last two seasons. Abraham previously scored 26 goals for Villa during a loan spell in 2018/19 and the club is thought to have made an offer for him last summer as well. Arsenal and West Ham could provide competition for his signature, although Villa appear favourites. Tuanzebe is another player who has previously spent time on loan at Villa and the Mail adds that talks are ongoing with Manchester United to take him on loan again for an expected £5m.
