Mateo Kovacic's agents set for transfer talks with Chelsea's Premier League rivals
Apr 22, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/mateo-kovacic-agents-transfer-talks-chelsea-premier-league-rivals
The agents of Chelsea midfielder Mateo Kovacic have arrived in England for talks over the Croatia international's future, 90min understands. Kovacic will enter the final 12 months of his contract at Stamford Bridge in the summer and very little progress has been made over a possible extension, sparking widespread interest from across the Premier League. Chelsea, following their new stance that any unsettled players in the final two years of their deals are available for the right price, are prepared to sell Kovacic this summer if he declines to sign an extension. Kovacic's agents are set to speak with Chelsea in the coming days about the situation but sources have confirmed to 90min they are also scheduling talks with the numerous Premier League sides who have expressed an interest in the 28-year-old. Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool are all expected to hold talks with Kovacic's representatives, having all expressed an interest in the midfielder over the past few months. feed Chelsea are ready to rejuvenate their midfield this summer if the right deals arise, with a number of targets under consideration. West Ham United's Declan Rice has long been admired at Stamford Bridge but there is significant competition for the midfielder's signature and so Chelsea have lined up numerous alternatives. As 90min revealed in January, Southampton's Romeo Lavia is a target once again after attempts to lure him away last summer failed, while the Blues are known to be big fans of Borussia Monchengladbach's Manu Kone as well. Selling Kovacic would go a long way to funding a move for at least one of those targets, and there are plenty of sides prepared to pay up for the Croatian's signature if he does become available. The 28-year-old has significant experience in both Serie A and La Liga but it is his five years in England's top flight which have impressed the likes of City, United and Liverpool. LISTEN NOW
