Thomas Tuchel to be given 'full control' of Chelsea's transfer business
Jun 7, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/thomas-tuchel-to-be-given-full-control-of-chelsea-s-transfer-business
Chelsea's new owners will give head coach Thomas Tuchel full oversight of transfers going forward as they look to emulate the success that Manchester City and Liverpool have enjoyed with a similar model, according to a report. Tuchel's future at Chelsea seems to be assured after Todd Boehly's takeover went through in May, and the LA Dodger's co-owner has given a show of confidence in the manager following recent talks. According to The Telegraph, Tuchel has been promised 'full control' of the club's transfer activity and 'first-team football decisions', just like his counterparts Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp at Man City and Liverpool respectively. This represents a significant shift in the way Chelsea operate, with a number of former managers growing frustrated with the hierarchy for failing to grant their wishes in the transfer market. Unlike his predecessors, Tuchel will have the biggest and final say on incomings and outgoings.  In a recent meeting, Boehly communicated that he would do his utmost to pursue the players Tuchel wanted and ship out those he didn't. Previous Chelsea managers would have had input on signings but less influence on sales. The report adds that the new owners see the German as one of the club's biggest assets, and they believe this tweak could bring them closer to the Premier League's leading sides City and Liverpool. Although chief transfer negotiator Marina Granovskaia's future is uncertain, for now Tuchel will continue to work alongside her and technical and performance advisor Petr Cech with increased influence. However, the change will not affect the club's transfer targets for this summer, with a list of names already drawn up.  Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. 90min understands Sevilla centre-back will be one of the first faces through the door, while the Blues are quietly confident of signing Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele - who previously worked with Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund - on a free transfer. 
