Carlo Ancelotti admits Casemiro wants a 'new challenge'
Aug 19, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/carlo-ancelotti-casemiro-wants-new-challenge-real-madrid-man-utd-transfer
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed the club are in talks to sell midfielder Casemiro, who is keen to test himself in the Premier League with Manchester United. 90min confirmed earlier on Friday that Casemiro has agreed personal terms with the Red Devils after deciding that he had nothing left to accomplish with the reigning European champions, and a €70m switch to United is now on the cards. Asked about the transfer during a press conference on Friday, Ancelotti insisted nothing is agreed just yet but Real are working to grant Casemiro's wish out of respect to the Brazilian. "I have spoken with him," Ancelotti revealed. "He wants to try a new challenge, the club understands that.  "Casemiro, for what he has done and the person he is, we must respect that desire. There are negotiations, it is not official, he is still our player but his will is to leave. If it does, we have resources to replace him." Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! On if he had tried to convince Casemiro to stay, Ancelotti responded: "No, I have only listened.  "He has helped us a lot. I listened to his will, his wish, there is no going back. If everything goes well for him and there is agreement, we will wish him the best and look at what we have. It is difficult to speak, but we don't know what will happen. If he doesn't stay, the thanks are big for him. "Yesterday I realised that this could happen. The plans don't change. They are to fight and compete, with him or without him. That said, we all recognise the importance of this player, a player who has combined very well with the other midfielders with more quality. He is important and has been key to Madrid's success."
