Hugo Lloris exploring options in Europe and Saudi Arabia as Tottenham exit looms
Jul 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/hugo-lloris-exploring-options-europe-saudi-arabia-tottenham-exit-looms
Hugo Lloris is considering offers from across Europe as well as Saudi Arabia ahead of his expected departure from Tottenham Hotspur this summer, sources have told 90min. The former France international is into the final year of his contract at Spurs and has already made clear his desire to leave. Speaking to Nice Matin last month, Lloris said: "We are coming to an important moment, for the club or for me. It's the end of an era. I have desires for other things. "I will ask myself to study what is possible, but I don't forget that I still have one year left on my contract with Tottenham and that, in football, it is always difficult to predict what will happen." Tottenham announced on Friday that Lloris would not travel with Ange Postecoglou's squad for their pre-season tour of Australia and Asia so that he could finalise a transfer. 90min understands that Lloris has offers on the table from clubs in the Saudi Pro League, but he is also keen to explore options to remain in Europe. feed When previously asked whether he would consider a move to Saudi Arabia, Lloris replied: "You can't go from a successful World Cup to being an average player in a few months. I had a few hard knocks, I was a little inconsistent in my performance, I got injured twice. I came out of the World Cup pretty dull. The pace had been hellish before that." Inter, who are expected to sell current starting goalkeeper Andre Onana to Manchester United this window, and hometown club Nice have been linked with a move for Lloris by the French press in recent weeks. Tottenham have already brought in a long-term replacement for Lloris in Italy goalkeeper Guglielmo Vicario. They had previously pursued a deal for Brentford's David Raya, but despite agreeing personal terms, were reluctant to meet the Bees' £40m asking price. Lloris joined Spurs in 2012 on deadline day from Lyon and was made captain in 2015. He has made 447 appearances for Tottenham.
