Julian Nagelsmann 'confident' Leon Goretzka will extend Bayern Munich contract
Aug 1, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-transfer-news-leon-goretzka-contract-julian-nagelsmann
New Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann says he is 'confident' midfielder Leon Goretzka will renew his contract at the Allianz Arena, despite reported interest from Manchester United. The Germany international has entered the final year of his deal in Bavaria and Old Trafford has been widely touted as a possible destination should Bayern decide - or be forced - to cash in rather than lose him for free.  Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is keen to add a new central midfielder to his squad as he looks to continue the mini-overhaul of the Red Devils' squad that has seen Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane arrive, with Paul Pogba's future also up in the air. However, Nagelsmann does not believe Goretzka will be the man to replace Pogba at United. Talks over a new contract for the box-to-box midfielder are ongoing, although they are believed to have stalled due to his salary expectations. Asked about the 26-year-old's contract situation following a 3-0 friendly defeat to Napoli, Nagelsmann said (as quoted by Goal): "I'm not involved enough that I have a say every day. I stay out of these issues. "Of course I have talked to him about my plans for him. I've told him I'd be happy if he extended and I'm also confident. There are several topics involved when it comes to discussing a contract extension. "I'll continue to focus on the sports side of things and show him he can be one of the most dangerous midfielders in Europe. He has potential to get even better." The thumping by Napoli was actually Bayern's third defeat of pre-season already, although a number of first-team players are yet to return to the fold following Euro 2020, and Nagelsmann says he is not worried. "I said before that I'm taking over a well-functioning team," he added. "I haven't had the full team yet. On Monday we will be complete when others return, and then it's about finding the rhythm in training.
