Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid eye Alvarez; Liverpool push for Mac Allister
May 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-eye-alvarez-liverpool-mac-allister-5-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid see Manchester City forward Julian Alvarez, who only recently signed a new contract running until 2028, as the perfect successor to Karim Benzema. (Fichajes) Liverpool are in advanced talks with the representatives of Brighton's World Cup winner Alexis Mac Allister. The Reds want to tie up a deal for the 24-year-old as soon as possible to fend other Premier League interest. (The Guardian) Newcastle's potential return to the Champions League could lead to a £70m offer for Barcelona's Brazilian winger Raphinha, a former Premier League star with Leeds. (The Sun) Arsenal and Aston Villa are eyeing a summer move for Barcelona winger Ferran Torres, who may be allowed to leave Camp Nou after less than 18 months at the club. (talkSPORT) Chelsea retain an interest in signing Lionel Messi, who will leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer, but Barcelona are in pole position to complete a fairytale return to Camp Nou. (football.london) Manchester United are prepared to pull out all the stops to sign Argentine forward Lautaro Martinez from Inter. A bid of €50m plus Anthony Martial in exchange is being considered by the Red Devils. (Calciomercatoweb) Real Sociedad midfielder Martin Zubimendi is close to accepting an offer to join Premier League title hopefuls Arsenal next season. (AS) Jurgen Klopp will not be able to lure Aurelien Tchouameni to Liverpool, despite Real Madrid closing on Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham. The 14-time Champions League winners consider the Frenchman 'untransferrable'. (FootMercato) Arsenal winger Reiss Nelson has turned down the club's latest offer to renew his contract, which expires at the end of the season. (The Guardian) feed Mauricio Pochettino would be willing to give Romelu Lukaku another chance at Chelsea if he's appointed as the club's new manager. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Manchester City could swoop for Aston Villa left-back Alex Moreno, who has impressed during his first season in English football. (FootMercato) Chelsea have shown an interest in Leeds' teenage sensation Wilfred Gnonto, who is also interesting Juventus and Inter. (Fichajes) Liverpool and Bayern Munich will have to stump up at least £50m to have any chance of signing Fulham midfielder Joao Palhinha. (Football Insider) Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is interested in strengthening his centre-back options with Barcelona's Andreas Christensen. (Fichajes) Bayern Munich will not make a move for Chelsea midfielder Mateo Kovacic. The 28-year-old has been linked with a move to the Allianz Arena, with other Premier League clubs known to be monitoring his situation. (Sky Sports Germany) Aston Villa's ambitious transfer plans under Unai Emery could include a move for Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic. (Telegraph)
