Man City confident of signing Josko Gvardiol from RB Leipzig
Jun 21, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-confident-signing-josko-gvardiol-rb-leipzig
Manchester City are continuing talks with RB Leipzig over Josko Gvardiol and are confident of reaching an agreement to sign the defender, 90min understands. The 21-year-old has announced himself as one of Europe's best young centre-backs over the last couple of years, particularly impressing in the Bundesliga after moving from Dinamo Zagreb in 2021. 90min reported last August that Chelsea were in talks with RB Leipzig over a €90m deal that would have seen Gvardiol join a year later, but the two parties were unable to find an agreement. After putting in some superb performances during Croatia's run to the 2022 World Cup semi-finals, Gvardiol became a hot topic of transfer conversation once more, with 90min first revealing in December 2022 that Manchester City had held talks over a move. City recently made plans to firm up their interest in Gvardiol and they are now in active talks with Leipzig over a deal. A stumbling block in negotiations is Leipzig's €100m asking price, which City are adamant they will not meet. Nevertheless, there is a confidence in the camp of the seven-time Premier League winners that an agreement will be reached. feed In addition to City, Gvardiol remains a player admired by Real Madrid, though they have already spent a nine-figure sum on Jude Bellingham this window. Gvardiol was part of the Leipzig side that lost 7-0 to City in the second leg of their Champions League last 16 tie back in March, but his arrival at the Etihad would reinforce a defence that has added three centre-back signings over the last three summer transfer windows.  Ruben Dias and Nathan Ake joined in 2020 from Benfica and Bournemouth respectively, while Manuel Akanji proved to be one of the signings of the season when joining from Borussia Dortmund in 2022 for a fee of just £15m. City hoping to move on Aymeric Laporte - once the club's record signing at £57m - who is wanted by Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur.
