Transfer rumours: Bayern Munich turn to Kane; Chelsea rule out Ronaldo move
Jul 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-bayern-munich-turn-to-kane-chelsea-rule-out-ronaldo-move
Bayern Munich are ready to make a run at Tottenham striker Harry Kane should they choose to sell Robert Lewandowski this summer. The Poland international has made it clear he wants to leave the Allianz Arena and head to Barcelona. However, the Blaugrana's financial woes mean they may not be able to afford him, with Chelsea and PSG ready to swoop in. Chelsea will not be pursuing is Cristiano Ronaldo after Thomas Tuchel made it clear to the Blues' hierarchy that he is unwilling to try and fit the Portugal star into his side. Meanwhile, Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling could be unveiled as a Chelsea player on Monday after passing a medical. Manchester United could end the transfer window without a new defensive midfielder as they focus on completing the signings of Frenkie de Jong and Christian Eriksen. Ajax's Lisandro Martinez would be viewed as a defensive incoming. Arsenal are readying a bid for Benfica left-back Alex Grimaldo, while they are also set to rival Newcastle United for Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta. Barcelona have finally reached an agreement with Leeds United for the transfer of Raphinha, while Ousmane Dembele will return to the Blaugrana after signalling that he is happy to take a 40% pay cut. Chelsea have also told Barcelona that they are willing to part ways with Cesar Azpilicueta for £7m after the Catalans agreed personal terms with the Blues captain, while Barca are confident of signing Bernardo Silva from Manchester City. Tottenham are actively shopping around the four senior players who were cut from their squad for their tour of South Korea. Sergio Reguilon could return to Sevilla, Tanguy Ndombele has admirers in France but only for a loan, while Giovani Lo Celso and Harry Winks are also in the shop window. Newcastle have tabled a €25m bid for Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio, who is into the final year of his contract. It's expected the La Liga champions will demand a fee of at least €30m before agreeing to a sale. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The Magpies have also been offered the chance to sign Watford's Emmanuel Dennis and Burnley's Maxwel Cornet after both were relegated from the Premier League. It is currently unclear whether Newcastle will pursue deals for either forward. Want-away Arsenal midfielder Lucas Torreira has admitted he has been in touch with Jose Mourinho regarding a move to Roma, while Juventus are also keeping tabs on the Uruguayan. Juventus are also preparing a move for Kalidou Koulibaly with Matthijs de Ligt expected to join either Bayern Munich or Chelsea. Officials from the German champions are set to arrive in Turin on Monday to discuss a deal for the Dutchman.
