Antony and Serge Gnabry among targets as Chelsea reevaluate forward options
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/antony-and-serge-gnabry-among-targets-chelsea-reevaluate-forward-options
Chelsea are reevaluating their forward transfer targets and are considering both Antony and Serge Gnabry, 90min understands. The Blues look likely to miss out in their pursuit of Leeds winger Raphinha, with the Brazilian waiting for Barcelona to get their financial affairs in order before sealing a move to Camp Nou, while a move for Ousmane Dembele is also off the table. One deal that is all but done is a £50m move for Manchester City and England winger Raheem Sterling, but the overhaul of Thomas Tuchel's frontline is unlikely to stop there amid uncertainty over the futures of Timo Werner and Christian Pulisic among others. 90min revealed in June that during a visit to the UK, Antony's representatives met with Chelsea and the idea of a move to Stamford Bridge was discussed - though he is a primary target for Manchester United and their new manager Erik ten Hag, who was his manager at Ajax. Chelsea's interest in Antony may now step up after Dembele opted to sign a two-year contract extension at Barcelona, and 90min understands that contact has again been made with intermediaries over a potential switch to west London. Ajax are willing to sell Antony, who has expressed a desire to leave for a new challenge, but the Dutch champions want close to €80m - even though they have already identified a possible replacement in Porto's Francisco Conceicao. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! There's also interest from Chelsea in Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry, who is yet to commit his long-term future to the Bundesliga champions.  The 26-year-old's contract has just 12 months to run and he has thus far rejected Bayern's offers to extend. 90min understands that Gnabry is weighing up his options and a move back to the Premier League is something he would consider.
