Frank Lampard: Chelsea have not bid £60m for Anthony Gordon
Aug 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/frank-lampard-chelsea-have-not-bid-60m-anthony-gordon
Frank Lampard has stressed his desire to keep Anthony Gordon at Everton despite fierce interest from Chelsea. The Blues have put together a bid for Gordon which 90min understands is worth a guaranteed £50m, with a further £10m in add-ons to take the value up to a possible £60m. Lampard was asked about the status of that offer but took exception to the bid being described as a '£60m offer'. Chelsea's proposal does not make up a guaranteed £60m, and the Everton boss was adamant such a figure would still not be enough to get a deal done in his eyes anyway. "He's our player, he remains so," Lampard said. "He's in the squad for tomorrow. "He's a huge player for us. I said it last week, not only is there big value for the club if you wan to talk financially, but more importantly there's big value to the squad." When the £60m figure was again floated to Lampard, the boss said: "They haven't bid £60m. Let's not talk about a number that's not there." Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Lampard continued: "I've been fortunate to work with fantastic young players in my time at Derby, in my time at Chelsea...I've seen them develop. I've seen them now become England internationals, Champions League winners worth triple figures in terms of some of their personal values, and Anthony is in that bracket. "He's been a pleasure to work with. He's an Everton boy, he plays for us, the crowd relate to him, and it's all understandable that people will be interested in him because of the level of player he is, but the facts remain the same."
