Chelsea in talks with PSG over Presnel Kimpembe; Barcelona lead race for Jules Kounde 
Jul 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-in-talks-psg-presnel-kimpembe-barcelona-lead-race-jules-kounde
Chelsea are in talks to sign Presnel Kimpembe from Paris Saint-Germain this summer with long-term target Jules Kounde looking increasingly likely to join Barcelona, 90min understands.  After a quiet start to the transfer window the Blues have made significant progress in their recruitment recently.  On Wednesday they confirmed the arrival of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City and 90min understands that new owner Todd Boehly is keen to press on with further additions over the coming weeks.  Chelsea are close to signing Kalidou Koulibaly and Nathan Ake from Napoli and Man City respectively, and sources have now indicated that they could make a move for Kimpembe too.  The Blues have always been keen to recruit three centre-backs this summer following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, while the future of captain Cesar Azpilicueta is also far from certain.  90min understands that Kimpembe has emerged as a contender to be this third defender. Talks are already underway with PSG and although negotiations are at an early stage, the Frenchman is thought to be keen on the move. Personal terms are also not believed to be an issue.  PSG are in the process of restructuring their backline themselves with sources indicating to 90min that a deal to sign Inter's Milan Skriniar should be finalised soon. Skriniar's arrival would then free up Kimpembe to make the move to Stamford Bridge.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Chelsea do have other targets should an agreement not be reach, though. Bayern Munich's Dayot Upamecano is another option and they have also looked at Villarreal's Pau Torres.   In addition, they are long-term admirers of Kounde. However, 90min understands that their chances of signing the Sevilla defender are dwindling thanks to strong interest from Barcelona. 
