Football transfer rumours: Tottenham eye Lukaku; Real Madrid decide goalkeeper target
Aug 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-tottenham-lukaku-real-madrid-goalkeeper-target-11-8-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... With Harry Kane closing in on a move to Bayern Munich, Tottenham are considering a move for Chelsea outcast Romelu Lukaku to take his place. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Chelsea could also bid farewell to goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga after Bayern Munich submitted a bid to take the Spaniard on loan with an option to buy. (Sky Sports Germany) Coming in the other way could be Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti, who has emerged as a new target for Chelsea. (Foot Mercato) Inter have pulled out of the race to sign Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun amid concerns over his £50m asking price and have now turned their attention to Manchester United's Anthony Martial instead. (CaughtOffside) The agent of Athletico Paranaense striker Vitor Roque is planning talks with the Brazilian side to try and convince them to release the teenager to Barcelona immediately, rather than in January. (Mundo Deportivo) Romeo Lavia still wants to join Liverpool even after the Reds struck a deal to sign Moises Caicedo from Brighton. Chelsea have currently lodged the highest bid for the Southampton midfielder. (Sacha Tavolieri) manual Carlo Ancelotti will block Real Madrid's attempts to sign former Man Utd goalkeeper David de Gea, believing he is not the right player for his team. (COPE) Instead, talks are on between Real Madrid and Sevilla for Yassine Bounou, who has been valued at €30m (£26m). (ESPN) Manchester City are considering a move for Rennes winger Jeremy Doku as they seek to replace Riyad Mahrez. (Telegraph) Talks between Brighton and Ajax forward Mohammed Kudus have collapsed and Chelsea are now the favourites to get a deal done. (Sussex World) Both Neymar and Joao Felix, of PSG and Atletico Madrid respectively, have stressed their desire to join Barcelona this summer and the La Liga champions are hoping to free up the space to sign at least one of the two. (Mundo Deportivo)
