Fulham hold talks with Sheffield United over Sander Berge
Jan 29, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/fulham-hold-talks-with-sheffield-united-over-sander-berge
Fulham have reached out to Sheffield United over a possible deal to sign midfielder Sander Berge, 90min understands, although they may face competition from Newcastle.  The Cottagers spent big to back Marco Silva during the last summer transfer window and, with the team mounting a surprise challenge for European football, there are plans to try and bolster further before the closure of the transfer window. 90min has been told that midfield has been identified as a key area for improvement this month and sources have confirmed that Berge is among their targets, while Newcastle are also circling.  Fulham have reached out over a deal worth around £20m for the 24-year-old Norway international, who has entered the final 18 months of his contract. While Sheffield United are reluctant to lose Berge, their situation is complicated by their current transfer embargo, which was slapped down on the club earlier this month after they defaulted on a transfer payment for an unspecified player. As a result, the Blades may be forced to do business this month and Fulham are keen to take advantage of that with a move for Berge. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth to discuss the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Blades boss Paul Heckingbottom confirmed the club are talking to other clubs about Berge following their thrilling 3-3 FA Cup draw with Wrexham.  "Sander is fine, he wants to stay, he's fine," Heckingbottom said. "The clubs could be discussing a fee for Sander and he might want to stay. "We are in an embargo and we have financial problems. One way to get out of that and raise money is selling players. I don't want that but we are prepared for that if it happens but there may be other ways we get out of it" Berge joined Sheffield United in January 2020 and made 29 appearances in the Premier League across 18 months, many of which were lost to a hamstring injury.
