Transfer rumours: Barcelona ready two Raphinha offers, Lautaro Martinez 'not thinking about leaving'
May 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-barcelona-ready-two-raphinha-offers-lautaro-martinez-not-thinking-about-leaving
Barcelona are readying two separate offers to sign Leeds winger Raphinha which are dependant on the Whites' Premier League safety. The Brazil international is believed to have a £25m relegation release clause, but Barça would be willing to pay more than that in order to oust the competition for his signature. Meanwhile, Adama Traore is expected to return to Wolves at the end of the season as Barcelona do not intend to trigger his €30m purchase option.  Arsenal and Tottenham transfer target Lautaro Martinez could yet remain at Inter, with the player's agent claiming that he 'is not thinking about' leaving San Siro. It's been reported that the Nerazzurri consider Paulo Dybala, who is expected to join from Juventus, as his ideal replacement. Roma have emerged as a surprise contender to sign Aaron Wan-Bissaka, with former club Crystal Palace stepping up their efforts to bring the defender back to Selhurst Park on loan in recent days. Wilfried Zaha could leave Crystal Palace this summer however as he does not intend to sign a new contract. His current deal is up in 2023 and the Eagles may look to recoup a transfer fee. If Real Madrid are to enter the transfer market for a new striker, then Romelu Lukaku is top of their list. Primary centre-forward target Erling Haaland is expected to join Manchester City. Arsenal are making a 'very serious' attempt to sign France winger Moussa Diaby from Bayer Leverkusen. The Bundesliga side are holding out for a €100m fee but are likely to accept offers in the region of €75m. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss mounting interest in Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. There's also updates on the contract situations of Sadio Mane, Reece James, Pep Guardiola & Kylian Mbappe, Marcus Rashford's next moves and Manchester United's interest in Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Leeds are lining up a move for Eintracht Frankfurt star Daichi Kamada, who impressed against West Ham in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final last week. Tottenham will make a formal bid for Sporting CP midfielder Joao Palhinha later this month, with Antonio Conte seeing him as an 'ideal' fit to bolster his current ranks.
