Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang names club he wants to leave Chelsea for
May 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/pierre-emerick-aubameyang-names-club-he-wants-to-leave-chelsea-for
Chelsea forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has revealed his hopes of re-joining Barcelona at the end of the 2022/23 season.  Aubameyang played for Barcelona between February and September of 2022 after agreeing a mutual termination of his contract at former club Arsenal. He was actually a hit during his first few months in La Liga, managing 11 goals in 17 appearances to help steady the ship for Barcelona during a difficult season on and off the pitch.  Aubameyang then made the move to Stamford Bridge for a reported fee of around £10m to work with Thomas Tuchel again - his former coach at Borussia Dortmund. After Tuchel was sacked by new owner Todd Boehly and replaced by Graham Potter, Auba was quickly ostracised and was even left out of the club's UEFA Champions League squad for the knockout rounds.  feed Following Potter's sacking, the striker has found his way back into the team on a more regular basis under caretaker manager Frank Lampard, making a number of cameo appearances for the Blues.  However, speaking on the DjamLife TikTok feed, the extra gametime has not changed the forward's mind regarding his Chelsea future, with Auba stating which club he'd like to join in the summer: "I'd like to return to Barcelona…but we will see." 90min understands that the 33-year-old has been told he can leave and would be available on a free transfer. But while Barcelona have him on their list of possible targets, their first choice to bring in up front remains Athletico Paranaense teenager Vitor Roque. Barcelona have enjoyed a fantastic 2022/23 campaign and all set to secure their first La Liga crown in four years as they sit 13 points clear of second-place Atletico Madrid with just five games remaining.  While their league form has been sublime, however, Xavi's side have struggled in cup competitions - both domestic and European - due to a lack of quality depth in the squad, something signing another forward could help rectify heading into next season. 
