Ralf Rangnick recommends signing of Konrad Laimer to Manchester United
May 10, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/ralf-rangnick-konrad-laimer-transfer-manchester-united-rb-leipzig
Konrad Laimer has emerged as a potential transfer target for Manchester United following a recommendation from interim manager Ralf Rangnick, 90min understands. The 24-year-old, who currently plays for RB Leipzig, is out of contract in 2023 and is attracting interest from a number of clubs across Europe, including German champions Bayern Munich. Laimer has been capped 19 times by Austria and is a product of the Red Bull system, having previously played for Salzburg. The player is known and highly rated by Rangnick, who has played an integral role in the growth and success of both Salzburg and Leipzig in the last decade. Rangnick will become Laimer's international coach as he assumes the role of Austria manager following the conclusion of United's Premier League season, though he will preside over his last game as manager at United on the final day of the campaign at Crystal Palace later this month. Rangnick will then move into a consultancy role and balance that with his Austria responsibilities. 90min has learned that Laimer is the latest player Rangnick has advised the club to sign - following his previous recommendation on Nordi Mukiele and very public admission over forwards United should have signed in January last week - though it's understood that club scouts were already well aware of Laimer's qualities. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On this week's agenda is Erling Haaland's transfer to Manchester City, Ralf Rangnick recommending Konrad Laimer to Manchester United and the latest on the contract situations of Youri Tielemans and Sadio Mane. At least one new midfielder is wanted by United this summer, but there is the possibility that more will arrive to bolster the position, with both Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba set to depart at the end of their contracts. United are however not alone in keeping close checks on the player, as the previously mentioned Bayern Munich as well as Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund hold interest. From the Premier League, rivals Arsenal, Tottenham and Aston Villa have all made checks on the player. Laimer, a box to box midfielder by trade, has just over a year left to run on his contract and German sources do not believe that a new deal is likely this summer. If Leipzig are not prepared to lose the player on a free transfer in a year's time, it's likely they will sell at the end of this season. Speaking prior to Leipzig's recent Europa League clash with Rangers, Laimer admitted that he was thinking about his future, but was not going to talk about it in detail until the summer.  "As of now, I'm playing for RB Leipzig. My contract runs until 2023 and doesn't make sense to talk about it [transfer rumours] in this current, decisive phase of the season," he said. "Otherwise, there would only be unrest and I'd have to worry about things that aren't the most important right now. I'll be 25 in May and have enough experience to make such decisions clearly. I need a good feeling. I have to like what people tell me. "It's about the plan with me and with the team. Of course, it's also about goals. If I'm convinced of that, I'll do it.
