Juventus & Napoli eye Rasmus Hojlund amid Dusan Vlahovic & Victor Osimhen exit rumours
Apr 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/juventus-napoli-rasmus-hojlund-dusan-vlahovic-victor-osimhen-exit-rumours
Juventus and SSC Napoli are among the clubs interested in young Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund, 90min understands. Hojlund has been one of the breakout stars of the 2022/23 Serie A season, becoming a key player for the Bergamo club by bagging an impressive seven goals in just 14 starts. The 20-year-old has also caught the eye with his performances for the Danish national team too, scoring five goals in just two Euro 2026 qualifiers already. The forward's form has, as expected, alerted some of the biggest clubs in Europe. 90min understands that two such clubs are Italian giants Juventus and Napoli.  Both clubs see Hojlund as a contingency plan if either of their current number nines leave this summer. Sources told 90min back in January that Juve's Vlahovic had been offered to a number of top clubs, including Manchester United, following the club's 15 point deduction due to financial mismanagement.  READ NEXT feed Said points deduction has made it improbable that Juve will qualify for the UEFA Champions League next season, a competition Vlahovic has ambitions of playing in.  Napoli are eying a move for Hojlund due to Chelsea making Victor Osimhen their 'top target' ahead of the summer window. Alarm bells were likely sounded at Stadio Diego Armando Maradona recently too when the striker confirmed that it is his 'dream' to play in the Premier League.   As well as the competition between one another, Juventus and Napoli could also face some from abroad too. 90min understands that Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United all sent scouts to watch Hojlund's Denmark debut - a game in which the striker scored a hat-trick against Finland - while Everton, Leicester City, Crystal Palace, West Ham, Bayern Munich and Marseille have all watched the player in recent months too. LISTEN NOW
