AC Milan in Advanced Talks for Inter & Juve Linked Sandro Tonali 
Aug 30, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/ac-milan-advanced-transfer-talks-inter-juve-sandro-tonali
AC Milan have moved into pole position to sign Sandro Tonali this summer, with various Italian journalists reporting that the Rossoneri are close to agreeing a loan-to-buy deal with Brescia. Inter and Juventus have taken it in turns as the media's frontrunner to sign the prodigious Italian, who has been frequently (and lazily) dubbed 'the new Pirlo'. Juve's interest seemed to die away after they appointed the original Pirlo as manager, while Inter seem to have turned their attention to other targets - such as Barcelona's Arturo Vidal.   With Serie A's two current heavyweights seemingly out of the picture, then, Milan - who have kept an eye on the situation throughout - look to have stolen a march. Renowned Italian transfer reporter Fabrizio Romano claims that Milan have moved into 'advanced talks' to secure Brescia's prized asset. AC Milan are in advanced talks to sign Sandro #Tonali. Bid submitted to Brescia: €10m loan + €20m buy option + percentage on future sell. Milan are pushing after Inter considering other options as midfielder (Vidal is still the priority, Ndombele on the list). ?? #transfers He claims that the 20-year-old will join on an initial loan, which will bank Brescia €10m, plus a further €20m should Milan look to make the deal permanent - an option they would almost certainly take up.  Romano's claims have since been backed up by a virtual who's who of Italian football journalism. Gianluca Di Marzio, Vito Angele and Pietro Balzano Prota all seem to agree a deal will happen - and that usually means it's a goer.  #Tonali al @acmilan, accordo raggiunto tra #Maldini e #Cellino @BresciaOfficial ?? @SkySport #calciomercato It seems odd that Brescia would accept such modest terms for a player who is rated so highly and is contracted to 2022, but owner Massimo Cellino revealed in April that he promised Tonali he would be allowed to leave this summer if that was his wish. 
