Luke Shaw close to signing new four-year Man Utd contract
Mar 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/luke-shaw-close-to-signing-new-four-year-man-utd-contract
Manchester United have agreed terms in principle with Luke Shaw over a new four-year contract. Shaw's current deal runs until the end of next season, with United earlier in this campaign triggering an automatic 12-month extension to buy them more time to agree fresh terms with the England international. Now 27, Shaw is enjoying perhaps his best season in a United shirt, turning in a number of impressive performances under new manager Erik ten Hag. Shaw was part of the team that won the Carabao Cup in February, while United are competing for a top four place as well as additional Europa League and FA Cup wins. Talks have progressed since January and it's understood Shaw is happy with the terms reached, though it's not yet clear when United will officially announce the deal. United are continuing talks with the likes of Marcus Rashford, himself having the best season of his career, and David de Gea, who are each due to extend their contracts with end dates on their current agreements in sight.  feed De Gea is out of contract at the end of the current season, and United are looking to agree a reduced package with their current number one - down from the £375,000-a-week agreed last time the Spaniard committed his future. Rashford has just over a year left on his deal and United are confident they will eventually strike an agreement. Diogo Dalot is another player United are working on fresh terms with. Shaw is understood to have won over Erik ten Hag with his attitude and ability to play in different positions - he has slotted in at left centre back at numerous times this season - and his coaches believe Shaw may actually be the most improved player in the United squad since their arrival. Chelsea, the club Shaw supported as a youngster, had been monitoring his contract situation but leaving United has not been in Shaw's thinking since Ten Hag's arrival. It's understood Shaw is a big fan of the Dutchman and enjoys playing for him.
