Ronald Koeman Keen to Make Donny van de Beek His First Barcelona Signing
Aug 18, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/ronald-koeman-keen-to-make-donny-van-de-beek-first-barcelona-signing-ajax-transfer
Ronald Koeman is reportedly keen to make Ajax's Donny van de Beek his first signing at Barcelona, with the coach set to be named as the club's new manager imminently. Barça unsurprisingly parted ways with Quique Setién following the humiliating 8-2 thumping by Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Friday. It has been a season of major disappointment for the Catalan giants, relinquishing the league title to arch rivals Real Madrid and failing to win a trophy. Appointing Ronald Koeman would be another step in the wrong direction for Barcelona. | ✍️ @robacopeland The likes of Xavi Hernandez and Mauricio Pochettino are among the contenders to take over at Camp Nou, but it is Koeman who is the man who has reportedly been chosen to take the reins, with the former Barcelona defender expected to sign a two-year deal.  Le10Sport now claim that Koeman doesn't plan to arrive at his new home 'empty-handed'. Instead, he is keen to bring Ajax's Van de Beek with him in order to strengthen Barça's midfield. The move would also see Van de Beek link up with Frenkie de Jong once again, who left Ajax to join Barcelona last summer following the Amsterdam club's famous run to the Champions League semi-finals in 2018/19. The Blaugrana's lack of depth in the centre of the pitch showed against Bayern. As a result, the addition of a player such as Van de Beek - who is very versatile and technically gifted - could prove to be a shrewd acquisition. Le10Sport's report further claims that the 'Spanish media' suggest a deal could be struck with Ajax for a fee in the region of €25-30m. Despite the current climate, this is a very reasonable price for a player of his quality.  The 23-year-old - who managed ten goals and 11 assists in 37 appearances in 2019/20 while operating primarily as a central midfielder - has been heavily linked with both Real Madrid and Manchester United since last summer. 
