Chelsea, Man City and Arsenal eye Crystal Palace star Michael Olise
Jul 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-man-city-and-arsenal-eye-crystal-palace-star-michael-olise
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are among the clubs who have registered an interest in Crystal Palace star Michael Olise, 90min understands.  The France Under-21 international signed for Palace back in July 2021, signing from Reading for £8.37m, and has quickly become one of the most talked about young players in the Premier League.  In his second full season with Crystal Palace, Olise became the youngest player to ever bag three assists in a single Premier League game - achieving the feat in a thumping 5-1 win over Leeds United - and also became the first Palace player to ever record over 10 assists in a single season in the top flight.  Olise's creativity has caught the eye of some of the top clubs in the Premier League, with sources confirming to 90min that Chelsea, Arsenal and treble-winners Man City have all expressed an interest in the player.  feed The Citizens have been in the market for a new right-sided midfielder during the current transfer window thanks to Riyad Mahrez's impending move to the Saudi Pro League. Along with Olise, City are also eyeing a potential bid for Olympique Lyonnais starlet Bradley Barcola.  Arsenal have also been in the market for a wide player this summer, with the likes of Ferran Torres making their shortlist along with Olise.  As things stand however, 90min can confirm that Chelsea are the most confident of getting a deal done for the talented attacking midfielder. That is in large part thanks to the fact that the club already have a relationship with the Olise family as Michael's younger brother, Richard Olise, is currently on the books at Stamford Bridge.  What may make a deal easier to strike between Palace and Chelsea is the release clause attached to Olise's current contract. The 21-year-old deal at Selhurst Park, which expires in 2026, is widely thought to have a £35m release clause in it.  Outside of the Premier League, 90min understands that Paris Saint-Germain also retain an interest in Olise. 
