Real Madrid Prepare €80m Bid for Kai Havertz in Deal That Would See Him Loaned Back to Bayer Leverkusen
Jun 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-prepare-80m-bid-for-kai-havertz-in-deal-that-would-see-him-loaned-back-to-bayer-leverkusen-01ea4arq3rhr
Real Madrid are interested in signing Kai Havertz this summer, in a deal that would see the starlet loaned back to Bayer Leverkusen for the 2020/2021 season.  The 20-year-old is one of the most sought-after players in world football thanks to a string of impressive performances over the past few years. Despite his tender age, Havertz has already netted 43 goals for Leverkusen, scoring 35 during the last two campaigns alone. Interest in the Germany international has been relentless, with clubs from the Bundesliga, Spain and England - including Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool - all linked. The latest twist in the saga sees Real emerge as strong contenders in the race for his signature.  According to Bild, Los Blancos want to negotiate an €80m move this summer in a deal that would see Havertz return to the BayArena on loan for the 2020/2021 season. This agreement would benefit Leverkusen, giving them a year to search for Havertz's replacement before he departs permanently. That report also states that Bayern Munich - another of the forward's long time suitors - would prefer to strike up a deal next summer, which may give Real the advantage.  Leverkusen sporting director Simon Rolfes recently revealed that no concrete decisions have been made regarding Havertz's future, while also admitting that interest in the player has been rife. Manchester United leading the race to sign Kai Havertz.Another wonder-kid in Germany linked with a Premier League move! ? pic.twitter.com/brsjehiUJz "We don't know yet what will happen to Kai. We know that all the great clubs from Germany and Europe are after him and that he has the ability to play anywhere," he told Marca. "He is a fantastic player and for many years Bayern have always been behind the young German talents, but we have to wait, there are many factors that influence.
