Sergio Ramos pushing for PSG move but open to Man Utd proposal
Jun 21, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/sergio-ramos-pushing-psg-move-open-man-utd-proposal
Sergio Ramos is keen to seal a free transfer to Paris Saint-Germain this summer but has moved Manchester United up to second on his list of dream destinations. The legendary 35-year-old has left Real Madrid after 16 years with the club and is now on the lookout for a new home, with a whole host of sides keen to snap up a player seen by many as one of the best centre-backs around. The list of plausible suitors for Ramos is limited by his wage demands. He is looking for an enormous salary from his next side, and according to AS (via Sport Witness), it's PSG who have made him the best offer. Ramos is now understood to be pushing to join the French side, but there are a few hurdles in the way, one of which is PSG's interest in former Real Madrid teammate Raphael Varane. PSG are chasing a deal for Varane this summer and may prefer him to Ramos, who struggled greatly with injuries last season and is obviously approaching the end of his career. If a move to PSG falls through, Ramos would look to move to the Premier League, where he sees United as the most attractive destination of them all. While Manchester City were recently thought to be leading the race for Ramos' signature, the defender appears to have had a change of heart. He's obviously impressed with City's recent success but Ramos sees United as a bigger club with more history, and he would prioritise a move to Old Trafford over a switch to the Etihad. Another intriguing proposal for Ramos to consider is that of Roma and Jose Mourinho. Calciomercato claim that Mourinho is eyeing a reunion with his former Real stalwart, but the chances of a move are slim-to-none because of Roma's limited finances and lack of Champions League football. All the signs suggest Ramos will be heading to PSG, who have already made him a lucrative offer and can offer the 35-year-old plenty of silverware, but it's not a done deal just yet and other teams are still pleading their cases.
