Tottenham continue talks with Atletico Madrid over Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg sale
Aug 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-continue-talks-atletico-madrid-pierre-emile-hojbjerg
Tottenham Hotspur are looking to finalise the sale of Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg to Atletico Madrid, sources have confirmed to 90min. The Denmark international is heading into his fourth season at Spurs but could yet find himself at a different team before the end of the summer transfer window. 90min were first to report back in June that Tottenham would consider offers for Hojbjerg, and Atletico Madrid are in talks over a deal. Los Rojiblancos are looking to add another combative midfielder to their ranks. They have earmarked Hojbjerg and Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat as options, though 90min understands that the latter is the subject of intense interest from Manchester United and they will ramp up efforts to sign him once they clear their wage bill. Atletico Madrid are therefore expected to pivot to Hojbjerg as their top target, though are reluctant to pay more than £30m for his services. feed Spurs began the summer window with a £40m valuation of the midfielder, who turns 28 later this week. However, with few other suitors stepping forward, they could lower this asking price and their stance that they will not stand in the way of an exit remains. When asked specifically about the club's interest in Hojbjerg, Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone said: "There are names the club is working on to address the situation of necessity and obligation. The club will decide, we need a new midfielder." During Tottenham's two pre-season friendlies under new head coach Ange Postecoglou thus far, Hojbjerg has been used with the squad's second unit, with Yves Bissouma preferred as a holding midfielder and Oliver Skipp, James Maddison and Pape Sarr starting ahead of him in a more advanced role. Hojbjerg joined Tottenham from Southampton during the summer of 2020 for an initial £15m fee. He has played 145 games in his three seasons at the club.
