Barcelona considering Hector Bellerin as Juan Foyth alternative
Aug 30, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-considering-hector-bellerin-juan-foyth-alternative
Barcelona could move for Arsenal right-back Hector Bellerin if they are unable to land Juan Foyth in the final days of the summer transfer window, 90min understands. Head coach Xavi is keen to bring in reinforcements at right-back, repeatedly insisting that current option Sergino Dest has been 'made aware' of his plans. Summer signing Jules Kounde started at right-back in Sunday's 4-0 win against Real Valladolid, while Ousmane Dembele has been used as a wing-back already this season. 90min reported earlier on Tuesday that Dest is now a target for Manchester United, and Barça want to sign cover regardless of whether the American stays or goes. They have been heavily courting former Tottenham defender Foyth, who is also capable of playing at centre-back and in defensive midfield, in recent weeks but have failed to reach an agreement with Villarreal. With so little time left in the window, Barcelona could turn their attentions to Bellerin, who has been deemed surplus to requirements at Arsenal. The Gunners are looking to sell Bellerin but Barcelona have enquired about an initial loan instead. There's also a possibility of him leaving the Emirates Stadium for free. If moves for Foyth and Bellerin both fail, Thomas Meunier of Borussia Dortmund is also under consideration, but Barça believe a deal for either of the former two would be easier. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Bellerin, who left Barça's La Masia academy as a 16-year-old, spent the 2021/22 season on loan at La Liga side Real Betis.
