Juventus nearing Memphis Depay deal; David Moyes dismisses West Ham link
Aug 13, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/juventus-nearing-memphis-depay-deal-david-moyes-dismisses-west-ham-link
Juventus believe a deal to sign Memphis Depay from Barcelona is nearing - and he may be heading to Turin on a free transfer, 90min understands. The 28-year-old arrived at Camp Nou from Lyon on a two-year contract last year after allowing his deal with the Ligue 1 giants to expire. Memphis scored 12 times in 28 La Liga games for Barca last season, but found his first-team opportunities marginalised following the arrivals of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres in January. The Catalans have continued to strengthen this summer, despite having little to no money to do so, and finally registered new signings Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski on Friday after activating a fourth financial lever. Barcelona have told Memphis that he can leave the club for a fresh start, and 90min previously revealed that Juventus were close to finalising an agreement. Personal terms are understood to have already been agreed, with the only thing holding up the deal being the specifics of his Barca departure. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Though he'd rather not sanction such a move, 90min understands that Barca president Joan Laporta is willing to allow Memphis to leave without receiving a transfer fee, with the club desperate to trim their wage bill so they can continue to register further new signings. As it stands, Jules Kounde is unavailable to play following his move from Sevilla, and Marcos Alonso, who is nearing a move from Chelsea, would also be unable to play unless Memphis, or Manchester United and Chelsea target Frenkie de Jong, leave to free up space on the wage bill.
