Football transfer rumours: Chelsea & Man Utd battle for Vlahovic; Vinicius offered Real Madrid exit
May 22, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-chelsea-man-utd-vlahovic-vinicius-real-madrid-22-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea have lodged an €80m bid to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic this summer. (ESPN) Manchester United are preparing their own offer to sign Vlahovic, who has warned his suitors that he wants to be playing in the Champions League next season. (Football Transfers) The agents of Real Madrid winger Vinicius Junior have suggested leaving the club over the Brazilian's ongoing battle against racism in Spain, but Vinicius is not currently interested in a move elsewhere. (ESPN Brazil) Mohammed Kudus is prepared to leave Ajax this summer, with Arsenal, Man Utd and Newcastle all interested in the £40m-rated midfielder. (The Athletic) Liverpool are in talks with Brighton over the structure of a deal to sign midfielder Alexis Mac Allister, whose contract includes a release clause that will become active this summer. The Reds are currently leading both Chelsea and Man Utd in their pursuit. (Football Insider) Ilkay Gundogan is set to reject a move to Barcelona and extend his contract with Manchester City after the Premier League champions agreed to improve their offer to the midfielder. (Times) feed However, swapping Man City for Spain could be defender Kyle Walker, with Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti ready to offer the England international a new challenge after six years at the Etihad. (Defensa Central) Paris Saint-Germain are targeting Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae this summer but the South Korea international would prefer a move to the Premier League, where Man Utd are interested. (RMC Sport) Aston Villa, Man Utd and Tottenham are all monitoring 19-year-old Strasbourg midfielder Habib Diarra. (The Sun) There is expected to be a battle between Arsenal and Tottenham to sign Crystal Palace centre-back Marc Guehi this summer. (Dean Jones) Sassuolo midfielder Davide Frattesi is the subject of a transfer tug-of-war between Brighton and Man Utd. (Football Insider)
