Frenkie de Jong admits having 'situation' with Joan Laporta amid Man Utd transfer saga
May 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/frenkie-de-jong-situation-joan-laporta-man-utd-transfer-saga
Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has insisted that while he does not have any ill feeling towards club president Joan Laporta, the two did have a 'situation' last summer. 90min reported extensively last year that the Dutchman was the subject of heavy interest from Manchester United, who had just appointed his former coach from his Ajax days, Erik ten Hag, as their new manager. The Red Devils were willing to meet Barça's lofty asking price but a major stumbling block proved to be De Jong's deferred wages from previous years, demanding to be paid them in full before thinking about an exit. Barcelona's financial struggles have been well-documented over the last couple of years and it's believed that the sale of De Jong could have significantly eased those woes. Laporta consistently said in public that he wanted De Jong to stay at Camp Nou, but behind the scenes a move to Old Trafford was never off the table despite the midfielder's preference to remain in Catalonia. Speaking to Ziggo Sport Voetbal in his native Netherlands, De Jong opened up on his relationship with Laporta. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed "My relationship with the president is good. In reality, it has never been bad," De Jong said. "Of course, there was this situation last summer, but my relationship with him is good." 90min understands that Barcelona are confident of agreeing a deal to re-sign Lionel Messi from PSG on a free transfer this summer. De Jong was asked about the Argentine's potential return to Camp Nou, replying: "Messi is a fantastic player. It would be amazing if he comes back. But I don't know if it's going to happen." Elsewhere in the transfer market, sources have told 90min that Barcelona are being kept informed of developments regarding Joshua Kimmich's Bayern Munich future. The Germany international is considering calling time on his spell in Bavaria. LISTEN NOW
