Real Madrid Eye Move for Kylian Mbappé in 2021
Aug 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-eye-kylian-mbappe-transfer
La Liga winners Real Madrid are planning for a quiet transfer window this summer ahead of a spending spree in 2021, with Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappé top of their wish list.   Madrid, like every other football club and business, have been financially impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. The final 11 games of the La Liga season were played behind closed doors, removing the lucrative revenue stream generated on a matchday.  With the return of supporters to stadiums still uncertain, Real are one of several European super clubs that will be forced to review their transfer strategy.  In fact, the club famed for buying the world's greatest players and branding them as 'galácticos', are thought to be focusing on departures rather than incomings in this summer transfer window, according to reports from the Spanish publication AS.  However, Paris Saint-Germain's star forward Mbappé is ranked as Real Madrid's 'chief target for the future'. Mbappé has reportedly resisted PSG's attempts to extend his time in the French capital, with the 21-year-old turning down three separate contract offers.  By the summer of 2021, Mbappé will have just one year left on his existing contract which would significantly reduce the fee PSG would be able to demand for one of Europe's brightest talents.  Mbappé's Ligue 1 rival 17-year-old Eduardo Camavinga is another target for Real next summer. The Spanish club were put off a move for the midfielder this summer by the €80m valuation Rennes gave the teenager, but could come back next year as his contract also expires in 2022.  Borussia Dortmund's Erling Braut Haaland is also on Real Madrid's radar. The Norwegian striker only joined Dortmund in January but there is supposedly a verbal agreement between the club and his agent Mino Raiola that allows Haaland to negotiate a move for a reasonable price after the 2021/22 campaign. 
