Football transfer rumours: Man Utd monitor Felix; Tottenham's Ronaldo consideration
Apr 2, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-felix-tottenham-ronaldo-02-04-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United could make a move to sign Joao Felix at the end of the season once his loan at Chelsea from Atletico Madrid expires. (Mundo Deportivo) Lionel Messi has two offers on the table should he decide against signing a new contract at PSG, with former club Barcelona and Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal interested. (Daily Mirror) Real Madrid have placed a €60m price tag on left-back Ferland Mendy amid interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Newcastle. (Fichajes) Manchester City are also considering raiding Barcelona for winger Ansu Fati after his father hit out at his lack of playing time. (Football Insider) Tottenham briefly considered signing Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United last summer but ultimately decided against such a move. (Daily Mail) READ NEXT manual Liverpool are competing with Manchester City to sign Mason Mount from Chelsea, with Bayern Munich also linked with a move. (Football Insider) Manchester United captain Harry Maguire could be offered a route out of Old Trafford this summer, with former club Leicester interested in taking him back on loan. (The Sun) Liverpool and Aston Villa remain interested in Athletic Club and Spain winger Nico Williams, whose current contract has a €50m release clause. (AS) Another player on Liverpool's radar is Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae, who is open to a move to Anfield. (Foot Mercato) Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech could make the short journey to west London neighbours Fulham this summer, with Marco Silva's side in contact over a potential move. A January loan to PSG broke down on deadline day due to administration errors, while the likes of Tottenham and West Ham could also throw their hat into the ring for the Moroccan. (Jeunes Footeux) LISTEN NOW
