Bayern Munich confident of Harry Kane deal after Tottenham meeting
Aug 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-harry-kane-deal-tottenham-meeting
Bayern Munich are confident their next bid for Tottenham striker Harry Kane will be successful following the latest meeting between the two clubs, 90min understands. Bayern CEO Jan-Christian Dreesen and technical director Marco Neppe were both in London on Monday to meet with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy for a second time this summer. Although a deal was not agreed or a even third bid lodged, sources have told 90min that Bayern left the meeting with some confidence that their next offer will be enough to persuade Levy to sell. Bayern have seen two bids rejected by Spurs, the last of which was worth €80m (£68.5m), and they are now ready to make a third offer which would represent a club-record transfer for the Bavarian giants. Sources believe that Bayern feel that an offer of €100m (£85.6m) will be enough to persuade Levy and Tottenham to think about taking a deal, even though the north Londoners have made it clear this summer that they do not have a price in mind. manual There is also some pressure on Levy, even within Spurs' hierarchy, to consider selling Kane, rather than run the risk of losing him on a free transfer next summer once his contract expires. Spurs remain confident they can persuade Kane to sign a new contract, to the extent that they're willing to make him the highest-paid player in the Premier League on wages of £400,000-per-week. Levy also feels that anyone is capable of convincing the 30-year-old to stay put, it's new head coach Ange Postecoglou. Bayern's belief is that they already have a broad agreement in place with Kane's camp, and that if they can strike an agreement with Spurs, he'll be heading to Munich ready to compete for the Champions League. As it is, Kane is facing up to the prospect of a season without European football - Spurs finished 8th in the Premier League last season and parted ways with head coach Antonio Conte in March.
