Arsenal hold talks with Chelsea over Kai Havertz transfer
Jun 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-talks-chelsea-kai-havertz-transfer
Arsenal have made contact with Chelsea over a possible summer deal for German forward Kai Havertz, sources have confirmed to 90min. Havertz will enter the final two years of his contract with Chelsea this summer and while the Blues would prefer to keep him at Stamford Bridge, they would be open to cashing in for the right price. Chelsea are understood to be looking to recover nearly all of the money they spent to sign Havertz in 2020, in excess of £70m, and that stance has already seen fellow suitors Real Madrid back away from a deal. Next up to make contact over Havertz is Arsenal. Sources have confirmed to 90min that conversations have been held between the Gunners and the player's representatives, while exploratory talks have also been held between the two clubs. Chelsea took the opportunity to stress their demands, including their refusal to contribute to any wages to help a move go through. The Blues are not looking to hand Havertz away and remain adamant that they will keep the 24-year-old around if their asking price is not met. feed Havertz is believed to be open to leaving Chelsea this summer after three tumultuous seasons which have yielded a disappointing 32 goals and 15 assists in 139 games across all competitions. Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich, who unsuccessfully tried to sign Havertz before his move to Chelsea in 2020, remain keen on the German international and are understood to be the player's preferred destination.  Whether or not Bayern are prepared to spent excessively on Havertz remains to be seen, but they have shown interest in Eintracht Frankfurt's Randal Kolo Muani and Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic, suggesting they are willing to dig deep into their financial reserves should they need to. Havertz may not be the only Chelsea forwards on the move this summer as both Romelu Lukaku and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have been approached over lucrative moves to the Saudi Pro League.
