Eric Dier Signs New Long-Term Tottenham Contract Until 2024
Jul 21, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/eric-dier-signs-new-long-term-tottenham-contract-until-2024
Tottenham Hotspur defender Eric Dier has signed a new four-year contract with the club until the summer of 2024, underlining his long-term importance under manager Jose Mourinho. Dier had been linked with a move away from Spurs after falling out of favour in the latter part of former boss Mauricio Pochettino’s time in charge, primarily the result of fitness struggles that began to affect him in the wake of a bout of appendicitis. ✍️  2️⃣ 0️⃣ 2️⃣ 4️⃣  ✍️ pic.twitter.com/MMtvrVdjW6 But the 26-year-old has once become an important player for Spurs since Mourinho, who had tracked Dier while manager of Manchester United, and has found a new role at centre-back. Dier started six consecutive Premier League games in defence after dropping back from his previous holding midfielder role, although his 2019/20 season was prematurely ended by a four-match suspension issued as punishment when he confronted a fan during a cup tie against Norwich. “The club gave me my opportunity in England and it’s given me so much since then. We’ve had some great times together but I want to have even better time and I feel like there’s a lot of things I need to achieve here before it’s over,” Dier said of penning a fresh deal. “I feel like the 20-year-old when I first arrived – that’s the feeling I have now. I feel I’m at the beginning of a new journey, albeit at the same place. ?️ "I feel like I’m at the beginning of a new journey."@ericdier on extending his stay at Spurs.#THFC ⚪️ #COYS pic.twitter.com/j5gTG6gfLR “My targets are very clear to me. I want to be one of the best in my position in the Premier League and that was one of the reasons why I wanted to stay here and commit my future. I want to prove myself in this position in the Premier League and Tottenham is the best place for me to do that." Having grown up in Portugal after his family moved to Lisbon in 2002, Dier returned to England when he joined Spurs for £4m in 2014. Should he see out of the full length of the deal he has just signed, he will have spent a full decade in north London.
