Inter Ready for Tanguy Ndombele Talks - Daniel Levy Adamant Midfielder Won't Be Sold
Jul 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-ready-for-tanguy-ndombele-talks-tottenham-transfer
Are you aware of Tanguy Ndombele? Perhaps not, since he has barely featured this season since Jose Mourinho took charge at Tottenham, which has prompted very early talk of him leaving the club just 12 months on from joining. It was rightly deemed an almighty coup for Spurs to sign the highly rated midfielder from Lyon last summer, a deal that cost the club £54m, making him their record signing.  Soon ⚽️⚽️⚽️ A post shared by  La Feinte ⚡️ (@ndombele_22) on May 25, 2020 at 2:22pm PDT Arriving to much fanfare under previous boss Mauricio Pochettino, he was used in some capacity for much of the beginning of the season, but talk of a fall out with the new manager and public criticisms of his form and injury record have cast a dark cloud over his future. So much so that clubs across Europe are taking note of the situation, namely Inter. Fabrizio Romano has revealed the Serie A club are 'ready' to begin talks over signing the Frenchman, with Antonio Conte a big admirer.  It's even suggested that a swap deal could be on the cards in the coming weeks, an avenue that has more potential given the strong relationship between the two clubs following the amicable January departure of Christian Eriksen to San Siro. However, in a lovely, classic transfer window style twist, the Evening Standard's Dan Kilpatrick has thrown a spanner in the works by claiming Spurs are not in talks to sell the 23-year-old Ndombele, with chairman Daniel Levy 'determined' not to let him leave prematurely. #thfc Tottenham – particularly Daniel Levy – are determined to make a success of record signing Ndombele, amid interest from Inter and Barca. https://t.co/kX90dTrnXp There is an acceptance in the Spurs camp that Ndombele needs more time to adjust to life in the Premier League and grow accustomed to the culture, while his injury record has also hampered his progress thus far.
