Tottenham consider David Raya alternatives as Brentford talks stall
Jun 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-consider-david-raya-alternatives-brentford-talks-stall
Tottenham Hotspur have informed David Raya that they could walk away from a deal to sign him this summer due to Brentford's asking price, sources have told 90min. The signing of a new goalkeeper was one of Spurs' priorities heading into the summer transfer window even before club captain Hugo Lloris expressed a desire to leave. They had identified Bees stopper Raya as one of their top targets and the Spain international is keen on a switch across London. But despite Raya's desire to join Spurs, the club are no closer to agreeing a fee with Brentford for his services. Thomas Frank reiterated during the final months of the 2022/23 season that Raya would be allowed to leave for a £40m fee, but Tottenham are unwilling to pay that sum and neither side has budged in recent negotiations. Raya has a year left to run on his contract and has already declared he will not be signing a new one, while Brentford recently completed the signing of his long-term successor - Netherlands international Mark Flekken. 90min understands that Spurs are keeping Raya informed of developments and that they are looking at other options. feed Empoli goalkeeper Guglielmo Vicario has been linked with Tottenham, though 90min understands he is being lined up as a potential replacement for Andre Onana at Inter. Juventus, Roma and Fiorentina have also spoken to him recently, while Brighton and Manchester United watched him last season. Current Brighton goalkeeper Robert Sanchez, who lost his place to Jason Steele last season, is another player on their radar. The Seagulls are expected to sign another stopper in Bart Verbruggen in the coming weeks, too. Valencia's Giorgi Mamardashvili is a target for Spurs, but he would command a hefty fee just as is the case with Raya. Borussia Dortmund's Gregor Kobel is another name that Tottenham are looking at.
