Juventus step up interest in Jorginho as Arthur edges closer to exit
Aug 3, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/juventus-step-up-interest-in-jorginho-as-arthur-edges-closer-to-exit
Arthur Melo is edging closer to completing a loan move to Valencia, paving the way for Juventus to step up their interest in Chelsea midfielder Jorginho, 90min understands.  Juve have been keen to ship both Arthur and Adrien Rabiot out for the majority of the summer transfer window, and now it looks like the former is set to leave the club.  90min understand that Valencia are close to agreeing a deal with Juventus to loan Arthur for the season. Valencia manager Gennaro Gattuso, who is believed to be a big fan of the player, held positive talks with him on Tuesday - talks which look to have convinced him to return to La Liga.  One issue that could stall the deal could be La Liga's non-EU player rules. If Arthur is not signed before the 2022/23 campaign starts they would need to free up one of their three non-EU player slots to complete the transfer. 90min have been told that the player who would make way for Arthur would be Maxi Gomez, if such a move is necessary. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's plans for Marc Cucurella, Wesley Fofana and potentially Denzel Dumfries. There's the latest on James Maddison, interest from big clubs in Jamie Vardy, more on Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, plus Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! While Arthur could be off to Valencia, 90min understands that Monaco are leading the race to sign Adrien Rabiot. The French midfielder is waiting to see if the Ligue 1 side qualify for the UEFA Champions League before progressing with talks. The club drew 1-1 in the first leg of their third qualifying round tie against PSV Eindhoven this week.  We understand that, with Rabiot and Arthur potentially leaving the club, Aaron Ramsey having already left, and Paul Pogba being sidelined until early September through injury, Juventus have stepped up their interest in signing Jorginho on loan before the transfer deadline.  90min reported back in May that Chelsea were willing to let the midfielder leave Stamford Bridge this summer and that his preferred move - if he were to leave - would be to Serie A.
