PSG set to finalise Renato Sanches deal - Roma favourites to sign Georginio Wijnaldum
Jul 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-set-to-finalise-renato-sanches-deal-roma-favourites-to-sign-georginio-wijnaldum
Paris Saint-Germain are finally close to finalising a deal to sign Renato Sanches from LOSC Lille, 90min understands, Sanches had long been linked with a move to AC Milan this summer, with the club having hoped to have confirmed the signing of both the midfielder and his Lille teammate Sven Botman in June. However, talks stalled between Milan and both players, and they have now seemingly missed out on both - Botman joined Newcastle United earlier in the month. The Portuguese international is a firm favourite of Luis Campos' - PSG's new sporting director - having signed the midfielder during his time at Lille. New PSG manager Christophe Galtier is also a huge fan of the player due to his time managing him at the club as well.  90min understands that the signing of Sanches paves the way for Georginio Wijnaldum to leave the club on loan this summer.  Wijnaldum was signed this time last year but was largely a rotation player during his first season in Ligue 1 with PSG, making just 18 starts and coming off of the bench 13 times.  Due to this lack of game time, 90min reported in June that Paris Saint-Germain would allow the midfielder to leave the club this summer.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! That move, we understand, looks likely to be to AS Roma on loan. Despite interest from Premier League clubs such as Leicester City, Everton, Wolves and West Ham, Roma have shot to the front of the queue for Wijnaldum in recent days. 
