Sami Khedira Hints at Premier League 'Dream' & Talks Up Jose Mourinho
Nov 20, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sami-khedira-hints-premier-league-transfer-talks-up-jose-mourinho
Juventus midfielder Sami Khedira has said it's his 'dream' to play in the Premier League and would welcome a reunion with former boss Jose Mourinho. The 33-year-old former Germany international has dropped down Juve's pecking order significantly this season after failing to secure a move away in the summer and will inevitably depart the club once his contact expires at the end of the season.  Khedira is said to be assessing his options regarding his future but after playing in the Bundesliga, La Liga and Serie A, it appears the Premier League may be his preferred next move. “When I was a child it was always a big dream of mine to be a Premier League player,” he told Sky Germany (via Football365). “I am really happy and satisfied with my career until now but one thing is still missing because I always had this dream and it has never come true… to be a part of the Premier League. “I have watched so many Premier League games since I was young and even now I am following the Premier League a lot. “I always enjoy playing in the Champions League against the English clubs. The atmosphere, the style and the idea of football has always impressed me," he added. “If it is possible, it will for sure be a really big dream [come true] and an honour to be a part of the Premier League.” Khedira worked with a pair of current Premier League managers, Mourinho and Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti, during his five-year spell at Real Madrid.  In regards to Mourinho, who guided Los Blancos to the La Liga title in 2012, the 33-year-old refused to rule out a potential reunion with the man who he describes as a 'great coach'.  “Many people talk about him [being] too defensive but he is a winner, he is a champion. That is why he impressed me the most," Khedira said. “I really enjoyed working with Jose Mourinho but there are many coaches who I would like to work with.
