David Moyes reaffirms West Ham's stance on Declan Rice transfer
Jul 9, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/david-moyes-reaffirms-west-ham-stance-declan-rice-transfer
West Ham United manager David Moyes has again stated that Declan Rice will not be sold this summer. 23-year-old Rice is widely regarded as one of the world's most complete midfielders, with a couple of standout seasons at West Ham coinciding with becoming one of England's key players. Former club Chelsea, who released Rice when he was a 14-year-old, are known to be keen on re-signing the 32-cap international, and there's also significant interest in his services from Manchester United and Manchester City. Indeed, 90min revealed in June that new Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly had approached West Ham over the possibility of doing a deal for Rice, but was given short shrift by the Irons' hierarchy and was told in no uncertain times that he's not for sale. That has long been the stance of West Ham and manager David Moyes, who has repeatedly had to bat away questions about Rice's future over the past 12 months. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Now, away on a pre-season tour in Evian, France, Moyes has reaffirmed to MailOnline Sport that West Ham's position on Rice is unchanged despite the ongoing speculation. "No bids," the Scot, who will lead West Ham into European competition for the second successive season, confirmed. "We wouldn’t be taking any, anyway. We’ve said all along he’s not for sale." Rice officially has two years remaining on his West Ham contract, though the club do have the option to extend his stay at London Stadium by an additional 12 months. The Hammers publicly value Rice at £150m, despite their unwillingness to do a deal, but 90min understands that a bid of £120m would make majority owner David Sullivan reconsider his stance.
