Arturo Vidal & Alexis Sanchez departures to pave way for Paulo Dybala move to Inter
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/arturo-vidal-alexis-sanchez-departures-to-pave-way-paulo-dybala-move-to-inter
Alexis Sanchez is set to follow Arturo Vidal in terminating his contract at Inter this summer, with the club hopeful that these moves will help get a deal for Paulo Dybala over the line, 90min understands.   The Nerazzurri confirmed that Vidal had agreed to terminate his contract earlier this week, with a club statement on the matter reading: "FC Internazionale Milano announces that it has reached an agreement for the consensual termination of the contract of the Chilean midfielder Arturo Vidal. "The club would like to thank Arturo for his two years with the Nerazzurri, which culminated in the conquest of three trophies." 90min understands that the midfielder is set to move to Flamengo, who having lost Andreas Pereira to Fulham, have the necessary budget to sign Vidal.  Sanchez is set to follow suit in terminating his contract in the near future, with the forward currently in discussions with Inter.  These terminations, along with the sale of one of Edin Dzeko or Joaquin Correa, will then pave the way for Inter to progress with their plans to sign Dybala. The Argentine has long been expected to sign for Inter after leaving Juventus, who he failed to come to terms with over a new contract, as a free agent. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Dybala had been in talks with Juventus over an extension and even agreed on a new five-year contract worth €8m per year before Christmas. However, after those terms were altered by Juve at the last minute due to the forward's patchy injury record, talks collapsed. 90min understands that AS Roma and SSC Napoli have tentative interest in Dybala, but Inter's offer to the 28-year-old is the best he has received this summer - and the club have reassured his representatives that a deal is not dead.
