Tottenham concerned by rival interest in Edmond Tapsoba
Jun 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-concerned-rival-interest-edmond-tapsoba
Tottenham Hotspur are progressing in talks with Bayer Leverkusen defender Edmond Tapsoba but are wary he is a target for several other clubs, sources have told 90min. Spurs are on the hunt for at least one new centre-back in the summer transfer window following a disastrous Premier League campaign in which they conceded 63 goals - only Bournemouth, Nottingham Forest and the three relegated clubs had worse records. Among Tottenham's targets are Manchester United captain Harry Maguire, Manchester City's Aymeric Laporte and Wolves' Max Kilman. However, they are currently pursuing a deal for 24-year-old Tapsoba, who impressed Spurs scouts during previous visits to watch teammate Piero Hincapie. 90min understands Tapsoba's representatives have signalled he is willing to move to Tottenham and they are in talks with the club over a transfer, but Spurs are not the only team in the race. feed Liverpool, Manchester United and Newcastle United are eyeing new centre-backs and have been informed of Tapsoba's situation. Arsenal have also followed the Burkina Faso international closely but are pushing ahead with a move for Ajax's Jurrien Timber instead. West Ham are set to appoint Tim Steidten, who previously worked for Leverkusen, as their new technical director and could also make their interest known. Unlike Spurs, the Hammers would be able to offer Tabsopa the prospect of European football next season. Another centre-back on Tottenham's radar is Marc Guehi, but 90min understands they have been put off by Crystal Palace's £60m asking price and so are currently looking at other targets. A similar situation occurred in Spurs' pursuit of a new goalkeeper. They identified David Raya as their top target but were unwilling to meet Brentford's £40m asking price, with Empoli's Guglielmo Vicario set to join for roughly half that sum instead.
