Erik ten Hag discusses Man Utd's summer transfer budget
May 4, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-discusses-man-utd-summer-transfer-budget
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has admitted he is currently unsure how much he will have to spend on transfers this summer. The Red Devils have made great progress under the Dutchman in his first season at Old Trafford - they look likely to secure qualification back to the Champions League and could end the season with two trophies. During his first summer window, Ten Hag was backed with big-money signings of Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro, Antony and Tyrell Malacia, while Christian Eriksen joined on a free transfer from Brentford. Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer arrived on loan in January to add depth to the squad, but further reinforcements are needed if Man Utd are to truly challenge for the top honours again. Amid fresh reports that Man Utd could have £100m plus player sales to spend in the summer - regardless of whether the Glazers own the club or not - Ten Hag was asked about his upcoming transfer budget at a press conference on Wednesday. feed "I don't have influence on that," he said of the budget. "I don't know. "The only thing I know is that Manchester United is one of the biggest clubs, among maybe the two biggest clubs in the world from a fanbase perspective. "So, I think this club has to compete for the highest in the world, so Champions League, Premier League. "But in football you need funds to construct squads because the level from your players makes you successful or not." There are a number of star names on Man Utd's radar this summer. Ten Hag wants to add a new striker, and 90min understands Harry Kane is one of their top targets in that regard. Sources have told 90min Man Utd have watched over Milan defender Fikayo Tomori recently, while they retain an interest in Bayern Munich's Ryan Gravenberch, who worked under Ten Hag at Ajax. Between the sticks, David de Gea is close to agreeing a new contract at Old Trafford despite criticisms over his suitability in Ten Hag's system.
