Inter reject opening offer worth €45m from Man Utd for Andre Onana
Jul 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-reject-opening-offer-45m-man-utd-andre-onana
Inter have rejected an opening offer from Manchester United for goalkeeper Andre Onana, 90min understands. United have identified Onana as their top goalkeeping target and are hoping to strike a deal for the Cameroon international, though are keen not to exceed their valuation of the player. Talks between the two clubs continue and there is optimism a deal can be thrashed out. The offer from United is understood to be worth a total of €40m plus €5m add-ons, though Inter have turned down the approach. Their valuation for Onana, who impressed with his performances at the end of last season - notably in the Champions League final against Manchester City - is €60m (£51m), though United value the 27-year-old at a maximum €50m (£43m). Onana is pushing for the move and as reported earlier this week, has turned down interest from Saudi Arabia in the hope a deal to move to the Premier League can be struck. feed United are set to remain firm in negotiations - as seen in their approach with Chelsea over the transfer of Mason Mount, which was confirmed on Wednesday - and sources close to the Red Devils believe Inter will soften on their asking price as conversations continue. The Italian outfit are in a difficult financial position and need to raise funds to reinvest in the squad - they recently sold Marcelo Brozovic Al-Nassr and are set to replace the Croatian with Davide Frattesi of Sassuolo. They have ambition to bring Romelu Lukaku back to San Siro from Chelsea having lost Edin Dzeko to Fenerbahce on a free transfer. United meanwhile are looking to follow up the signing of Mount, who has been issued the number 7 shirt, with the signing of Onana, though they do have alternatives to fall back on should a deal become too expensive. Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund is their current top target to bolster their striking options while a second midfielder may also be added to the squad this window, dependent on player sales.
