Xavi responds to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang Chelsea transfer rumours
Aug 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/xavi-responds-pierre-emerick-aubameyang-chelsea-transfer-rumours
Barcelona head coach Xavi has refused to rule out an exit for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang amid transfer interest from Chelsea. 90min understands that the 33-year-old forward has given his approval to return to the Premier League just seven months after his four-year stay at Arsenal came to an acrimonious end. It's understood that Chelsea have made an offer just shy of £15m with Marcos Alonso in part-exchange, although reports in Spain have suggested that Barcelona have cooled their interest in involving the Spanish full-back - and would prefer a straight-up cash deal. Barcelona's dire financial position has left them unable to register players for most of the summer, although the activation of four financial levers - essentially selling off assets such as TV rights for immediate income - has allowed the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen to be registered for La Liga matches. But Jules Kounde, a major summer signing from Sevilla, remains sidelined until Barcelona can raise further funds - with Aubameyang, Memphis Depay and Frenkie de Jong among the three players tipped to head out of Camp Nou. Speaking in a pre-match press conference, Xavi refused to rule out an exit for Aubameyang when asked about a potential transfer, but did say that it's important that Barcelona are able to register Kounde as a priority. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "There is a market that ends on August 31 and we will see what will happen. I am counting on him and tomorrow it could be important, but we will see the circumstances," he said.  "We are going to assess," Xavi added when asked about signing another forward. "Neither Auba nor Memphis has come out and tomorrow we will be able to use them. We have to see how the squad turns out. The priority is to sign up Koundé".
