Football transfer rumours: Sheikh Jassim wants Solskjaer; Liverpool face Thuram competition
Jun 19, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-sheikh-jassim-wants-solskjaer-liverpool-face-thuram-competition-19-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... If Sheikh Jassim is successful in buying Manchester United, he would be interested in bringing former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back to the club. (Mirror) Arsenal are prepared to part ways with midfielder Thomas Partey this summer as they seek to overhaul their midfield. (Telegraph) The Gunners are likely to land Declan Rice from West Ham, who are readying a bid to try replace the Englishman with Fulham's Joao Palhinha. (Fabrizio Romano) Man Utd manager Erik ten Hag has been left 'fuming' as the club's delayed takeover proceedings have seen the Red Devils fall behind Arsenal in the race for Rice. (Sun) Bayern Munich are in advanced negotiations to sign Kyle Walker on a permanent deal from Manchester City. (Sky Sports) Talks remain ongoing between Paris Saint-Germain and Real Mallorca over the signing of South Korea international Lee Kang-in. (Marca) manual Liverpool's pursuit of Nice midfielder Khephren Thuram has been complicated by Newcastle's emerging interest in the Frenchman, who is seen as an alternative target to Inter's Nicolo Barella. (Football Insider) There is growing confidence that Chelsea will be able to strike a permanent deal to sell Kalidou Koulibaly to Saudi Arabian outfit Al Hilal, while Hakim Ziyech is also advancing in talks with Al Nassr. (Fabrizio Romano) Tottenham have voiced their interest in Porto winger Pepe but will have to fight off interest from both PSG and sides in Saudi Arabia to get a deal done. (A Bola) Real Madrid are keeping a close eye on Athletic Club's contract negotiations with 20-year-old winger Nico Williams, whose current deal has just 12 months left to run. (Athletic) Despite a delay in proceedings, Barcelona have recently received confirmation from Man City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan that he wants to move to Camp Nou this summer regardless of the offers from elsewhere. (Mundo Deportivo)
