Football transfer rumours: Liverpool & Man Utd to make Osimhen bids; Caicedo agrees Chelsea move
Jun 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-man-utd-osimhen-caicedo-chelsea-27-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool and Manchester United are preparing bids to sign Victor Osimhen after PSG had an opening €100m offer rejected by Napoli. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Manchester United could raise funds for their summer window activity with the sale of 13 players, including Jadon Sancho and club captain Harry Maguire. (Daily Mail) West Ham have turned down Manchester City's opening bid for Declan Rice, which is believed to have been worth £90m including add-ons. Arsenal are expected to make another offer for the Hammers captain soon. (Daily Telegraph) Arsenal will turn their attentions to France international Youssouf Fofana if they fail to land Rice. (L'Equipe) Bayern Munich are ready to reignite their interest in Tottenham striker Harry Kane, who has signalled a willingness to head to the Allianz Arena. (Sky Sport Germany) However, Bayern Munich are currently not pursuing a deal for Mason Mount, who is a top target for Manchester United. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Moises Caicedo has agreed personal terms with Chelsea, but the Blues still need to meet Brighton's asking price of around £80m for the midfielder. (Fabrizio Romano) PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has held talks with the mother of Kylian Mbappe in order to resolve his uncertain future, with Real Madrid interested in the forward again. (Le Parisien) Barcelona are unlikely to sign Vitor Roque this summer due to registration issues, but are confident of securing an agreement for 2024 if they are unable to bring him in immediately. (SPORT) Tottenham are closing in on a deal to sign James Maddison from Leicester. Spurs are ready to offer £40m plus add-ons and personal terms are not expected to be an issue. (The Athletic)
