PSG Join Race to Sign Bayern Munich Defender David Alaba
Jun 16, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-join-race-to-sign-bayern-munich-defender-david-alaba
Paris Saint-Germain are contemplating a move for Bayern Munich defender David Alaba, whose talks over a new contract at the Allianz Arena have stalled. The 27-year-old's current contract has just one year left to run, and despite Bayern's best efforts, an agreement over fresh terms is yet to be found, prompting rumours of a potential move to Barcelona, Real Madrid or Manchester City. Well, you can add PSG to that list now as Sky Deutschland state that the Ligue 1 giants have identified Alaba as the ideal man to fill all the holes which will soon be present in their defence. With Thiago Silva and Layvin Kurzawa both set to walk away for free at the end of the season, PSG will need to find more cover at both centre-back and left-back. Midfielder Leandro Paredes could be on his way as well, and the report notes that PSG see Alaba as the man to cover all three positions. Alaba is understood to be demanding a new €15m-a-year contract, but Bayern are reluctant to pay such an amount in a post-coronavirus world, and that has piqued the interest of PSG's wealthy owners.  Santa @zirkzee is in town. ?? Now we can rock around the ?! A post shared by  David Alaba (@da_27) on Dec 21, 2019 at 10:53am PST PSG seemingly have their sights set on Bayern this summer as this interest in Alaba comes just days after Cadena SER revealed that Lucas Hernández had also ended up on PSG's radar as a result of his versatility. The report, which was later backed up by Christian Falk, states that Bayern would be open to offers of around €80m for Lucas, which is likely why PSG have turned to Alaba. At 27 years old with just one year on his contract, he would likely be available for far cheaper. However, Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamidžić made it clear that he wants Alaba to remain at the club, saying: "We are very happy with how David has developed this season. He makes the defence boss and has become a personality.
