Mykhaylo Mudryk drops huge Arsenal transfer hint
Nov 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/mykhaylo-mudryk-huge-arsenal-transfer-hint
Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk has revealed he would rather start for Arsenal than sit on the bench for Real Madrid, while also labelling the Gunners a ‘dynamic’ side and highlighting style of play as a key factor that will help him choose his next club. Mudryk, still only 21, was identified as a talent after making his breakthrough at Shakhtar last season. But after a proposed summer transfer to Brentford, Nice or Bayer Leverkusen didn’t happen, he has hit new heights in orange and black so far in 2022/23. The Ukraine international has managed 16 goal involvements in 16 appearances, including five in the Champions League group stage as Shakhtar were still in with a strong chance of reaching the last 16 until losing on matchday six against RB Leipzig. Mudryk is now widely expected to move on in January and his teammates recently joked that he is already on the way to Arsenal. Shakhtar rejected a €30m bid from Everton during the summer, while 90min had revealed in September that scouts from more than half of the Premier League watched Mudryk when Ukraine played Scotland in a UEFA Nations League game. “From a purely hypothetical perspective if there was the option of being a bench player for Real Madrid or a starter for Arsenal, I’d probably choose Arsenal,” Mudryk told Vlada Sedan on YouTube. Harry Symeou hosts Scott Saunders, Grizz Khan & Jack Gallagher to look back on France '98 as part of the 'Our World Cup' series. We take a trip down memory lane - join us! If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! “But it’s a tough question and involves a lot of factors in my answer. I would first want to know from the head coach that even if I wasn’t a guaranteed starter, that I’d receive a chance. “Essentially I need to hear directly from the manager what he envisages my role in his side to be. ‘The team’s style of play will play a role. It’s very important to me.”
