Nice Confirm Morgan Schneiderlin Signing, Take Dig at Man Utd & Everton for Literally No Reason
Jun 23, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/nice-sign-morgan-schneiderlin-dig-man-utd-everton
Nice have confirmed the signing of French midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin from Everton in the most lockdown way you could ever imagine - a Zoom call. The French side have been pushing to sign Schneiderlin ever since football was postponed, and Everton were believed to be interested in striking a deal and getting his sizeable wages - around £100,000-a-week - off the books. En attendant de retrouver les terrains, le Gym continue de travailler en visio ?? Découvrez le thème de la réunion du jour ?⚫️#OGCNice #MonGymMaFamille pic.twitter.com/wuqx4ZdqOM An agreement in principle was reached a few weeks ago, and Nice took to their official website to confirm that it has finally gone through and the deal will earn Everton anywhere between £1.8m and £3.6m. They chose to announce it on Twitter with a Zoom call which featured manager Patrick Vieira, captain Dante and executive Bob Ratcliffe, and it was the latter who stole the show with a sly dig at Schneiderlin's former employers. In broad English, Ratcliffe said: "Fantastic to have you on board. A most distinguished footballer, and at last you're joining a proper football club, and we couldn't be more delighted about your arrival". ? | Morgan Schneiderlin has completed a transfer to @ogcnice for an undisclosed fee.Thank you and best of luck for the future, @SchneiderlinMo4! ? A proper football club, yeah? So, Everton, Manchester United and Southampton don't actually count as clubs now? Right then. Interestingly, this isn't even the first time that Ratcliffe has taken a dig at Everton. Back in 2019, when his brother Jim was linked with buying a Premier League side, Ratcliffe told BBC Radio 5 Live (via The Independent) that he didn't want to spend so much money just to end up in the 'Everton Cup', i.e. end up being a team who can never win anything and justify investment. Come on, Bob, what did Everton do to hurt you? 
