Romelu Lukaku: Inter working to resolve 'technical problems' for striker's return
Jun 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/romelu-lukaku-inter-working-to-resolve-technical-problems-for-striker-return
Inter CEO Alessandro Antonello has claimed Romelu Lukaku has 'a great desire' to move back to San Siro this summer, with the club in talks with Chelsea over the player's return. Lukaku only left Inter for Chelsea a year ago in a £97.5m move, but he has flattered to deceive at Stamford Bridge despite a fast start. Poor form, a bout of Covid-19, an injury and an ill-advised interview with Italian media - in which the striker professed his love for his former club - ultimately derailed his season. 90min reported in April that the Blues were considering cutting their losses on the Belgian and things have since progressed. It is understood that the 29-year-old wants to return to the Nerazzurri and his current employer do not intend to stand in his way, with talks now ongoing between the two clubs over the structure of the deal that will take Lukaku back to Milan. Speaking to a press huddle, Inter CEO Antonello spoke openly about the negotiations and said Lukaku had 'a great desire' to secure a move back to San Siro. "Him [Lukaku] and Dybala together? For us it is essential to combine competitiveness on the pitch and economic-financial sustainability," he said. "We are doing it and every choice of the club on the transfer market will always be inspired by these two words. We want to respect UEFA's Financial Fair Play. "There is a great desire on the part of Lukaku to return," Antonello continued. "What needs to be verified are the economic and financial feasibility and the resolution of some technical problems." 90min understands the 'technical problems' Antonello is referring to relate to the structure of the deal and a tax issue in Italy. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United’s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. The two parties are in discussions over whether it will be a one or two-year loan that would involve a fee, and the forward will need to take a pay cut to make a 50% tax discount on his wages possible for Inter per Italian legislation - something he has already signalled his willingness to accept. Although he is open to Lukaku remaining in west London, Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has communicated to the club's new ownership it may be best for all concerned to grant the Belgian his wish of a return to Serie A.
