Patrick Vieira reacts to Chelsea interest in Wilfried Zaha
Aug 31, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/patrick-vieira-reacts-to-chelsea-interest-in-wilfried-zaha
Crystal Palace manager Patrick Vieira has ruled out parting ways with Wilfried Zaha this summer, despite interest from Chelsea. 90min revealed earlier this month that Zaha had emerged as a possible target for Chelsea and talks have since been held between the two clubs as Chelsea look for an alternative to Everton's Anthony Gordon. The 29-year-old, who now has four goals in as many games this season, has entered the final year of his contract and his desire to play Champions League football is no secret. However, Vieira has ruled out parting ways with Zaha, insisting there has been no contact from any interested sides. Before Tuesday's 1-1 draw with Brentford, Vieira told BT Sport: "I think there’s no comment to be made on that. I see him training every day and he didn’t mention nothing about leaving. He’s always concentrated on performing well for the team because he wants to win games for this football club. "There’s a really nice relationship between this football team and Wilfried Zaha, it’s not going to stop now." Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! After the match, when asked whether Zaha will still be at the club next week, Vieira added: "I didn't even put that in my head, I didn't even ask myself that question. I am working with him every day and there is nothing crossing my mind that something like that will happen.  "The only thing he is showing is competitiveness on the field, doing well for this football club that he loves very much. There is nothing coming from any other club. Wilfried is playing his football, he is enjoying his football and, as a manager or the chairman, there is nothing from anybody. "We are in a period where there is a lot of things going on in the papers and regarding Wilfried there is nothing true in that. This is the only thing I can tell you." As for Zaha, the forward refused to be drawn on any speculation and insisted he remains focused on Palace. "It’s not been difficult at all [to ignore the speculation]," he said. "I’ve just been focused on Palace in every game. I’ve gone to training and I’ve enjoyed it.
