Conor Gallagher: Crystal Palace, Newcastle and West Ham make enquiry
Aug 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/conor-gallagher-crystal-palace-newcastle-west-ham-make-enquiry
Crystal Palace, Newcastle United and West Ham United have enquired about the availability of Conor Gallagher, 90min understands, but Chelsea currently have no plans to allow the 22-year-old to leave Stamford Bridge. Gallagher was one of the breakout stars of the Premier League last season, forcing his way into the England setup after racking up eight goals and five assists in 39 appearances on loan with Crystal Palace. He returned to Chelsea this summer and started Saturday's 1-0 win over Everton on the bench behind Jorginho and N'Golo Kante, coming on deep into stoppage time to earn his long-awaited debut for the Blues. With a starting spot by no means a certainty at Stamford Bridge, Gallagher has attracted significant interest from elsewhere and 90min understands that Palace, Newcastle and West Ham are among the sides to have reached out to Chelsea about a deal - either permanent or a loan. However, sources have confirmed that Chelsea are currently not interested in letting Gallagher leave the club. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Manager Thomas Tuchel was hugely impressed with Gallagher's loan spell with Palace and has long made it clear that he wants the England international as part of his midfield unit for the current campaign. As for Gallagher, he is currently understood to be happy to stay at Chelsea and fight for his place - although both stances could change between now and the end of the transfer window if Chelsea manage to bring in another midfielder.
