Liverpool transfer rumours: Thiago exit talks; Valverde bid
Jul 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/liverpool-transfer-rumours-thiago-exit-talks-valverde-bid-9-7-2023
90min rounds up the latest Liverpool transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool are gearing up to make a £77m bid to sign Real Madrid midfielder Federico Valverde. Due to the signing of Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund, Los Blancos are widely expected to sell a central midfielder during the summer transfer window. (The Guardian)  Bayer Leverkusen coach, and former Liverpool midfielder, Xabi Alonso is interested in signing 19-year-old Reds defender Luke Chambers. The youngster spent last season on loan at Kilmarnock, playing 13 games for the Scottish outfit. (Florian Plettenberg)  Galatasaray have held talks with Liverpool over Thiago Alcantara, and have made a 'very good offer' to sign the midfielder this summer. (Fanatik)  manual Fabinho has given his thoughts on Liverpool's recent signings of midfielders Alexis Mac Allister and Dominik Szoboszlai: "We lost, I think, three midfield players that were really important for us in the last maybe five, six years. It’s good to bring some good players in that position because we will need [them]. In the way we play, the intensity we play, we always need not just three or four but maybe six players in this position [in the squad]. So yes, it’s good to have these two players with us now. We played against them already, so we know how good they are. It’s good to have them in the team." (Liverpool official website)  Liverpool target Benjamin Pavard is looking increasingly likely to stay at Bayern Munich despite entering the final year of his contract. Although there is interest, no club has actively approached Bayern regarding the defender thus far. (Kicker)  Perr Schuurs is set to cost £35m this summer. The defender has been heavily linked with a move to Liverpool in recent weeks following an impressive season in Serie A with Torino. (La Stampa) 
