Football transfer rumours: PSG annoyed with Messi, Neymar & Mbappe; Real Madrid eye Pulisic
Feb 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-psg-annoyed-messi-neymar-mbappe-real-madrid-eye-pulisic-24-2-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have grown 'annoyed' with the trio of Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe. At least one of the three is expected to leave this summer but the Parisians could even cut ties with all three. (Le Parisien) Real Madrid want to sign a new winger this summer and have identified Christian Pulisic of Chelsea as a viable transfer target. (Defensa Central) Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp wants to refresh his midfield in the summer and could cut ties with struggling Brazilian Fabinho. (Mirror) Coming in the other way could be Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham, whose interest in joining Liverpool has not been impacted by the Reds' poor results this season. (The Athletic) Manchester United are ready to move for Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae at the end of the season and are planning to trigger his £42m release clause. (Corriere dello Sport) Another Serie A defender, Inter's Alessandro Bastoni, is wanted by Liverpool ahead of the summer window. (Fichajes) Tottenham are looking at Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson, who is currently on loan with Nottingham Forest, as they look for a long-term replacement to Hugo Lloris. (football.london) On this edition of Talking Transfers, part of the 90min podcast network, Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth discuss Mauricio Pochettino turning down Chelsea, Leeds and West Ham's manager situation, Mason Mount links to Liverpool, Man City's interest in Declan Rice & more. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Concerns over Dusan Vlahovic's fitness have seen Juventus grow increasingly unsure over his future. The striker is not happy in Turin and could be sold, with Arsenal, Chelsea and Man Utd all interested. (Ben Jacobs) With 15-year-old Ethan Nwaneri yet to sign a professional contract with Arsenal, both Chelsea and Manchester City are trying to lure the Premier League's youngest-ever player away from the Emirates. (Goal)
