Chelsea Not Interested in Callum Hudson-Odoi Exit
Dec 7, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-not-interested-callum-hudson-odoi-exit-transfer
Chelsea are not entertaining the idea that winger Callum Hudson-Odoi could leave Stamford Bridge in January. The 20-year-old has struggled for minutes this season following the expensive arrivals of Timo Werner, Kai Havertz and Hakim Ziyech. Of his 12 appearances, just five have come as starts and Hudson-Odoi hasn't even made the matchday squad for Chelsea's last two games. His situation has prompted rumours that Hudson-Odoi could leave the club in the coming weeks, with both a loan move and a permanent exit being touted, but The Athletic's Simon Johnson insists nothing of the sort is being considered. Even though he has managed just 31 Premier League minutes since early October, Chelsea still believe Hudson-Odoi has a place at Stamford Bridge and Blues boss Frank Lampard expects to be able to call on the Englishman as the season progresses. Werner, Ziyech and Christian Pulisic all appear to be ahead of Hudson-Odoi in the pecking order, although his chances of featuring in the coming weeks may have improved after Ziyech limped off with an injury in Saturday's 3-1 win over Leeds United. Lampard has admitted he has found it difficult to omit Hudson-Odoi from his recent squads, although he has encouraged the young winger to keep his head down and force his way back into the team. "I've been really pleased with his training lately," Lampard said (via the Daily Mail). "His attitude and work ethic is bang on and that's affected him scoring against Rennes, coming on at Newcastle when I thought he was bright and doing well with the England Under-21s. "I have tough decisions to make whenever we have a fully fit squad. We have elite players who work hard through the week, they're desperate to play but I have to leave them out. "I did speak to him because I want him to feel where he's at - which is making progression and getting better. I want him to keep that progression going and if there are times when he's not starting I want him to stay positive."
