Sergio Reguilon admits it 'would be nice' to return to Real Madrid
Dec 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/sergio-reguilon-admits-nice-return-real-madrid
Tottenham Hotspur left-back Sergio Reguilon has confessed that he would like to return to former side Real Madrid at some point in his career. The 24-year-old Madrid academy graduate left the Santiago Bernabeu during the summer after failing to command a permanent spot in the starting lineup, with Spurs paying £25m to sign him and giving his former employers a re-sign option before 2022. Reguilon has excelled since moving to England, leaving some Spurs fans concerned that Real may view him as a long-term replacement for 32-year-old Marcelo, and the left-back admitted to AS that he wouldn't be against a return to the Bernabeu. "I dont know," he said when asked about a return to Real. "Whenever they ask me about Madrid, I say that they gave me everything, it has always been my home.  "Will I come back one day? It doesn't depend on me. I'm focused on my thing, but it would be nice." There have been plenty of speculative reports suggesting that Real Madrid are interested in re-signing Reguilon, but a major problem could be the presence of Zinedine Zidane in the dugout in Madrid. A report from AS back in October discussed the miserable relationship between Reguilon and Zidane. The boss is believed to have pushed for his departure by admitting that Reguilon will not feature for his team, and the signing of Ferland Mendy is even thought to have been made to push Reguilon out of the picture. Whether that's true or not is up for debate, but Reguilon admitted that he did not even speak to Zidane before leaving the club during the summer. "No, nothing [about Zidane's behaviour] surprised me," the left-back confessed.  "In Madrid it is very difficult to break through from the academy and stay as well. To get to the top, the youth players have to do a series of things and it is very difficult to stay as an academy graduate. You have to fight and be lucky.
