Inter send warning to Chelsea over Romelu Lukaku asking price
Jul 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-send-warning-chelsea-romelu-lukaku-asking-price
Inter CEO Beppe Marotta has warned Chelsea that the Blues cannot demand a significant fee to part ways with striker Romelu Lukaku. Lukaku has just returned to Chelsea after his loan with Inter expired and all three parties are looking to strike an agreement which will see the Belgian remain with the Nerazzurri next year and beyond. Chelsea have rejected an offer of a straight loan from Inter and are instead pushing for a permanent sale this summer, although a compromise could be reached over a loan bid with an obligation for Inter to purchase Lukaku in 2024. Whatever happens, Chelsea are braced to take a huge loss on Lukaku, who cost £97.5m when he joined in 2021. "For Lukaku, Chelsea will have to assess whether he is functional to their project: if he is not, their strategies change," Marotta told Sky Italia. "It is clear that they cannot imagine putting him on the market and receiving significant offers. feed "It is no coincidence that the possible sale to Saudi Arabia was around €50M. That can be a target that is very far from the €115M we asked for, and got, to sell him two years ago." Lukaku managed 44 appearances for Chelsea during his first season back at Stamford Bridge, but contributed just 15 goals and made a bigger impact off the pitch as his unauthorised interview with Italian media, in which he professed his desire to return to Inter just months after leaving, saw Chelsea fans turn on the striker. He spent the past season on loan with Inter and Chelsea are ready to cut ties permanently this summer. The Blues tried to sell Lukaku to Saudi Arabia but he rejected an offer, stressing his desire to return to Inter. That stance has only increased Inter's desire to reunite with Lukaku but the Nerazzurri's financial concerns have complicated talks thus far. However, with everyone working towards the same goal, a compromise is expected to be reached soon.
