Rennes Striker Serhou Guirassy 'Refused' Summer Move to Chelsea
Nov 10, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/rennes-striker-serhou-guirassy-refused-summer-move-to-chelsea-01epsvv7z1cj
Chelsea failed in a bid to bring former Amiens striker Serhou Guirassy to the club during the summer, according to the French club's director of sport. The 24-year-old emerged as a target for several Premier League clubs after impressing with nine goals in 23 appearances in France's top flight last season, however he ultimately rejected the chance to move to England. Instead the Frenchman remained in Ligue 1 following Amiens' relegation, making a £13.5m switch to Champions League qualifiers Rennes - a side who find themselves in the same group as Frank Lampard's Blues in Europe's premier club competition. A post shared by Serhou Guirassy (@guirassy19off) on Nov 5, 2020 at 10:23am PST Guirassy has made a solid start to life with Les Rouge et Noir, scoring four goals and providing one assist in his 12 games so far. The front man started against Chelsea on matchday three of the Champions League last week, but was withdrawn with 15 minutes to go with his side on the wrong end of a 3-0 scoreline. It has emerged that he could have been lining up against his current club if he had made a different decision in the summer. Amiens sporting director John Williams claims Guirassy 'refused' a move to Stamford Bridge during the transfer window, amid understandable concerns over game time. “He refused to go to Chelsea during the last window,” he told Le Parisien (as quoted by Sport Witness) “Serhou made a sporting choice when he could earn more money with the London team. He wanted to continue in a club where he was sure to have some playing time and not relive an experience like the one in Koln where he was a substitute. “The choice fell on Rennes because coach Julien Stéphan assured him that he was counting on him.” The fates of several overlooked former second and third-choice Chelsea strikers will doubtless have influenced Guirassy's decision, who endured a frustrating four-year spell himself in the Bundesliga with Koln, making just 45 appearances.
