Antoine Griezmann's Agent Set for Barcelona Meeting to Discuss Playing Time
Jul 2, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/antoine-griezmann-agent-showdown-talks-barcelona-playing-time-setien
The agent of Barcelona forward Antoine Griezmann will soon travel to Camp Nou to discuss the Frenchman's recent lack of minutes under Quique Setién. Griezmann has been given just ten minutes in the last two games combined, including a humiliating last-minute appearance against former side Atlético Madrid while Barcelona were still chasing a goal to keep them in the title race. Setién refused to apologise for the decision and claimed that Griezmann has a 'destabilising' impact on the team, which isn't the greatest thing for a €100m signing to hear from his own manager. Le Parisien note that Griezmann's camp is understandably concerned by what's going on at the minute. His agent, who is also his sister, is expected to travel to Camp Nou to get to the bottom of the current situation, but there is no desire from either side to force a transfer...although Mundo Deportivo report that the Frenchman's not averse to a move to one of the two Manchester clubs. Griezmann isn't actively pushing to leave Barcelona as he believes he has what it takes to become a title-winning star, while Barça have no intention of cutting ties with their expensive signing either. However, there do seem to be some rumblings suggesting Griezmann is tiring of his struggles under Setién. The Athletic's Dermot Corrigan states that Griezmann was left 'frustrated, angry and raging' over Setién's decision to snub him as the Frenchman believes he is training well enough to justify a spot in the team. That sentiment is backed up by Mundo Deportivo, who note that Griezmann is ready to put his head down and force his way into Setién's plans. Most of Griezmann's confusion appears to be directed towards Setién, rather than Barcelona, and he's certainly not the first player to attract rumours of a bust-up with the boss, with Lionel Messi and Luis Suárez both said to be unimpressed with the boss.
