Erik ten Hag keen to reunite with Brian Brobbey at Man Utd
Jul 9, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-keen-to-reunite-with-brian-brobbey-at-man-utd
Manchester United are interested in signing RB Leipzig striker Brian Brobbey, 90min understands. The 20-year-old is a graduate of Ajax's famed academy and was given his first team debut by Erik ten Hag two years ago. Brobbey left Ajax in 2021 after Sebastien Haller joined from West Ham, turning down a new contract in the process, but Ten Hag is a huge fan of the young Dutchman and re-signed him from RB Leipzig on loan in January. His spell in Germany hadn't worked out as planned but Brobbey was in terrific form upon his return to the Eredivisie, scoring seven goals in 11 league games. Ajax have been locked in talks with Leipzig over a deal since then, with Brobbey keen to make the move happen. But 90min understands that United are now looking at stepping in, and Ten Hag has made contact with Brobbey to gauge his interest in moving to Old Trafford. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! It's understood that Leipzig were hoping to agree a deal with Ajax worth €25m, but had only been offered €15m - something United could undoubtedly afford with the healthy budget available to Ten Hag this summer. United's interest comes months after Brobbey joked about wanting Ten Hag to take him to Manchester, but it's now a real possibility that the Red Devils will need a new striker. Cristiano Ronaldo has informed the club that he'd like any offers for his services to be considered, and there's growing interest from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
