Transfer news LIVE: Van de Beek chase hots up, Raphinha bid rejected
Jan 29, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/january-transfer-news-live-20220129
Welcome to 90min's Saturday transfer live blog, which will keep you up to date with all the latest breaking transfer news, reports and rumours from all across the globe. Just a few days of the window remain and business is beginning to pick up across the continent, spearheaded by Dusan Vlahovic's mega money move to Juventus. Liverpool, Barcelona and Tottenham are also trying to finalise moves before Monday's transfer deadline, with the international break likely to play a key role in helping deals get over the line. Follow below as things unfold throughout the day. Thanks for joining us for Saturday's live blog. Come back tomorrow for more transfer news, reports and rumours. Until then, stay safe and have a good evening! It was reported earlier on Saturday that Ligue 1 side Bordeaux were lining up a shock loan move for Phil Jones. Fabrizio Romano now says that Man Utd are willing to accept the offer, and it is now up to the player to decide whether he fancies the move to France. We're sure this is going to go down well with the Man Utd fans who are annoyed that River Plate starlet Julian Alvarez is heading to Man City. The Daily Star write that Edinson Cavani is being eyed by Los Millonarios as a replacement for Alvarez - the veteran striker previously turned down a move to eternal rivals Boca Juniors. Just as Burnley looked to be making some smart moves in the transfer market, they've now had a bit of a wobble. Lancashire Live report that Dinamo Zagreb and Croatia ace - best known for almost single-handedly knocking Spurs out of last season's Europa League - has had a last minute change of heart and will not be heading to Turf Moor. It's been quite the window of failed transfers for Tottenham, hasn't it? After swinging and missing on Adama Traore and Luis Diaz, Spurs have now failed in their bid to sign Lewis youngster Ollie Tanner, the non-league club have announced. Tottenham fans on social media became annoyed at the prospect of signing Tanner when old Twitter posts of the teenager emerged mocking Harry Kane. Well, at least they won't have to awkwardly kiss and make up, then. While Sky Sports reported earlier that Ousmane Dembele could be heading to the Premier League, Marca write that the big boys will face competition for his signature. Newcastle are ready to rival Chelsea and Manchester United in the race to take Dembele off Barça's hands. Could you imagine him and Allan Saint-Maximin terrorising defences together? Just as it looked like Tanguy Ndombele was nearing the end of his Tottenham nightmare, his dream move to PSG has hit a major stumbling block. It's now being widely reported that the French side's inability to offload any of their current players is holding up a deal and they're facing a race against time to clear space to make way for Ndombele.  Barcelona confirmed in the last hour that Adama Traore has rejoined the club. The Blaugrana announced that their academy graduate has returned on an initial loan from Wolves in which they will cover his wages. They also retain an option to make the loan deal permanent, with Traore already agreeing to a potential five-year deal. Talk about confidence. Sky Sports' Keith Downie is reporting that Bruno Guimaraes' Newcastle contract does not contain a relegation clause, so he could still be marooned with the Magpies even if they're playing Championship football next season. At least he'd have a shout of being the best second-tier footballer ever, right? Barcelona have confirmed that they have signed Adama Traore on an initial loan deal from Wolves! Let the fun commence... It's strange to think that Gareth bale is still at Real Madrid, playing here or there but never really starring, adorning the number 18 rather than 11. Marca write that Bale's family would like the Wales star to leave the Spanish capital, but on his own terms rather than via the back door, and so a summer exit following the expiration of his contract looks likely. Always a story at Barcelona, isn't there? 90min reported earlier this week that Blaugrana chiefs were confident of taking on Juventus' loan for Alvaro Morata. However, Sport in Spain believe that parent club Atletico Madrid will not sanction such a move as they are unwilling to strengthen a direct rival. While 90min understands Spurs defender Joe Rodon is on Newcastle's radar for defensive reinforcements, reports in Spain say that the Wales international could be heading to La Liga. Levante are in 'quite advanced' negotiations with Tottenham, according to EMV, where he could team up with former Arsenal defender Shkodran Mustafi - what a sight that would be. Barcelona are hoping to resolve the future of Ousmane Dembele in the final days of the January window. But having withdrawn their contract offer to the Frenchman, he looks set to leave Camp Nou. And Sky Sports report that Dembele is likely to head to the Premier League if he does move before Monday's deadline. 90min can reveal that the total value of the Bruno Guimaraes transfer is €52m (£43m), which would make the Brazilian Newcastle’s new record signing if all add-ons are achieved. Newcastle agreed to pay an initial €40m (£33m) guaranteed, topped up by €8m in add-ons and a further €4m bonus to Lyon if the Magpies stay in the Premier League. Guimaraes himself will be on a long-term contract that makes him the club’s highest paid player. An announcement from the club could come before the weekend is over, so keep your eyes peeled. A huge update for Newcastle fans desperate for their side to get some quality signings into St James' Park! Bruno Guimaraes is understood to have agreed a five-year deal, with his medical now completed and paperwork signed. An announcement is expected to follow in due course. Could Aaron Ramsey's fairly disastrous spell at Juventus be coming to an end? Well, the club would certainly like that to be the case so they can free up room on their wage budget, but 90min has learned that the Welshman is digging his heels in. Newcastle, Everton, Aston Villa, Crystal Palace and Burnley are among the Premier League sides who would be willing to take him on loan. Full story here. Leeds have rejected a verbal offer from West Ham for winger Raphinha worth £50m, 90min understands. Read the full story here. This is not a drill, Bordeaux could be about to end Phil Jones' Manchester United nightmare - temporarily at least. L'Equipe report that a loan deal until the end of the season, which Jones would be interested in, is being discussed, and now relies on the blessing of interim manager Ralf Rangnick. G'wan, let him get some regular football! One player who will be at Arsenal next season is USMNT goalkeeper Matt Turner.  A deal is in place to take him to north London from New England Revolution, and judging by his comments to 90min's Football Americana podcast in November, it seems like one of his career dreams has been achieved. A move to Arsenal could be on the cards making @headdturnerr's Premier League dream come true! ? He told ???????? ????????? about his aspirations back in November... That's what Gazzetta dello Sport are telling us at least, with reports stating that a £60m bid could be launched in the summer. Those are the kind of numbers that were floated about when Arsenal were chasing Dusan Vlahovic, although he ultimately joined Juventus instead. Whether or not Napoli want to sell Osimhen, who they invested heavily in, remains to be seen. Brighton are closing in on the signing of Deniz Undav from Belgian side Union Saint-Gilloise. 90min has been told that the 25-year-old, who has scored 35 goals in just 48 appearances for the club, will spend the rest of the season on loan in Belgium, before joining up with Albion in the summer. Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is reported to have agreed 'economic terms' with Barcelona over a loan move. Prominent Spanish journalist Gerard Romero says the next step is to offload Ousmane Dembele and his rather high wages, otherwise a deal for Auba can't be concluded. Newcastle have had a second bid for Brighton defender Dan Burn turned down, according to The Athletic. The offer from the Magpies is understood to have been worth £10m + add-ons, but more will be needed to prize him away from the Amex Stadium. In true Randy Orton 'RKO' style, Inter have come from nowhere to snap up Genoa striker Felipe Caicedo on loan. The 33-year-old will provide cover, you'd expect, for regular first-teamers Lautaro Martinez and Edin Dzeko. ? | ANNOUNCEMENT@FelipaoCaicedo is now an #Inter player! ⚫???? https://t.co/5kTRNzFJe3#WelcomeFelipe #IMInter pic.twitter.com/09rMUVONpC Gerard Romero claims that Barcelona have warned Ousmane Dembele that their previous contract offer to him is now off the table, and if he's as desperate to stay as he claims to be, he'll have to accept a lower offer. Barcelona have told Dembele that he is free to leave this month but the Frenchman is trying to cool tensions and re-open talks about his future, but the Camp Nou outfit aren't having it. Arsenal's search for more firepower has led them to Lille hitman Jonathan David. A summer bid was expected, but ESPN believe Arsenal could try and move for David this month. Lille are understandably reluctant to sanction the departure of their top scorer so late in the winter window, but that won't stop Arsenal from trying. Gareth Bale does not want to leave Real Madrid as an afterthought and instead wants to go out on a high in the summer, report Marca. The Welshman isn't interested in a January exit and is determined to lead Real to more success this season before eventually walking away when his contract expires. RMC Sport report that Liverpool and Manchester City have both reached out to Monaco over a deal for in-demand midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. You can add them to a list of suitors which also includes Chelsea, Manchester United and Real Madrid, among others. Frank Lampard is expected to become the next Everton manager, and he wants to bring a familiar face with him. Ruben Loftus-Cheek is reportedly on his radar, while Lampard has also asked for Donny van de Beek to be brought in from Manchester United. A busy few days ahead for Everton. Newcastle are determined to bring in at least another four signings before Monday's transfer deadline, 90min has learned. The club are working on a number of deals for a variety of positions, with Lyon's Bruno Guimaraes potentially the next through the St James' Park door. Read the full story here. Brighton are interested in signing Tottenham defender Joe Rodon on loan, report MailOnline Sport. The Seagulls are facing a battle to keep Dan Burn at the club amid interest from the world's richest club, Newcastle, and the Welshman has been tipped as a potential target should they decide to cash-in. The 24-year-old has found first team opportunities hard to come by following his £11m move from Swansea in 2020. West Ham are yet to make a signing in the January transfer window, but talks are continuing with Marseille over Duje Caleta-Car and Bamba Dieng. The Hammers want both on loan deals in an ideal world, although Marseille would prefer permanent transfers as they bid to ease their financial crisis. Full story here. ? #WHUFC continuing talks with Marseille over loan deals for Duje Caleta-Car and Bamba Dieng.Marseille would prefer permanent deals but loan fees and options to buy could be enough.@90min_Football https://t.co/Lo5KNGUn3M Fabrizio Romano reports that Juventus are stepping up their efforts to sign Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Denis Zakaria now. He's out of contract this summer but there's hope of a last gasp agreement before the end of January. That could signal a willingness to allow Rodrigo Bentancur, who is wanted by Tottenham and Aston Villa, to leave the club on loan. Donny van de Beek's Premier League loan suitors still include Arsenal and Everton, 90min understands. The Gunners have been admirers for a long time, as have Everton, and can't be ruled out of approaching Manchester United for the Dutchman. Whether he'd be allowed to go there is another story. Crystal Palace are also keen. Atletico Madrid have had a €5m bid for Marseille midfielder Boubacar Kamara rejected, 90min understands. The 22-year-old is out of contract this summer and has a host of top European clubs preparing to make him an offer. Burnley's hopes of successfully fighting off relegation have been dealt a Mislav Orsic sized blow. The 29-year-old had looked set to move to Turf Moor from Dinamo Zagreb, but the Croatian side have confirmed that Orsic will not be going anywhere - even though Burnley chairman Alan Pace travelled to Croatia on Friday to hold talks. Bad news for Sean Dyche, that. More importantly, rotation options and lightening the workload on the likes of Sadio Mane! After all the speculation, Dusan Vlahovic is officially a Juve player! ⚫️⚪️ pic.twitter.com/s4Gv4hfbXn Barcelona are confident they will land Alvaro Morata on loan before the end of the window. The Spaniard is expected to cut his loan spell at Juventus short now that they've signed Dusan Vlahovic, and Xavi is keen to bring Morata over to Camp Nou. Adama Traore is also closing on a move after completing a medical on Friday. Inter have confirmed the departure of Stefano Sensi on a loan deal to Sampdoria. The 26-year-old was previously a target for Antonio Conte and Tottenham, but will now spend the rest of the season helping Samp fight against Serie A relegation. Tottenham are in talks with Valencia over a loan deal for Bryan Gil. The 20-year-old was a summer arrival in north London but has yet to start a Premier League game despite costing £25m. Sky Sports News note that Gil will only be allowed to leave if they can bring in a replacement before Monday's deadline. Manchester United will allow Donny van de Beek to leave the club on loan, 90min understands. The Red Devils had wanted to keep hold of the Dutchman despite his desire to seek regular first-team football elsewhere, but will now sanction a temporary move providing a loan fee is provided and his wages are covered in full. Crystal Palace are among the teams trying to secure a deal. Read all the best gossip from yesterday and this morning here. In-demand Reims striker Hugo Ekitike could still leave the club before the end of January. 90min understands that communications with Newcastle have been ongoing despite a rejected bid earlier this month, while PSG are also keeping an eye on his situation. Hugo Ekitike could still leave Reims in January. @90min_Football https://t.co/PgwVvmhCr6 It's all going on at the Emirates Stadium in terms of outgoings, with the futures of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Eddie Nketiah up in the air. Barcelona and Juventus are chasing a loan deal for out-of-favour Aubameyang, while 90min understands that Newcastle are pushing to complete a deal for Nketiah - who is out of contract this summer. One thing's for sure, Arsenal, who missed out on Dusan Vlahovic, surely can't afford to lose both without bringing in a replacement... West Ham are one of a number of clubs interested in signing Leeds' star man Raphinha. There's every chance that the Brazilian will sign and new improved contract at Elland Road - talks are already happening - but West Ham are monitoring him in case he's interested in a move to the capital. European football would be on offer, as well as a healthy pay rise, and there's some substantial interest from around the continent too.
