Donny van de Beek Waiting on Lionel Messi's Future Before Deciding Next Move
Aug 29, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/donny-van-de-beek-waiting-lionel-messi-future-before-next-move
Manchester United and Tottenham have both contacted Ajax regarding a potential move for Donny van de Beek, but the player is said to be waiting to see whether Lionel Messi leaves Barcelona this summer before deciding on his next destination.  The 23-year-old enjoyed a very impressive 2019/20 campaign, grabbing ten goals and 11 assists in all competitions, despite playing a large number of games in a deeper midfield role. Van de Beek has been linked with a move away from Ajax for a while now, with the club open to selling if their asking price is met.  BUY NOW: Get Man Utd's official kits ahead of the 2020/21 season It was said that Van de Beek had an agreement in principle to join Real Madrid this summer, but due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, Los Blancos have pulled out of the deal. Since the arrival of Ronald Koeman at Barcelona, the Catalan club have been linked with the Dutchman, with the boss making him a priority signing. SPORT now report that Van de Beek is 'waiting' for Barcelona to make a move and is also keen to see how the current transfer saga surrounding Messi unfolds. At this moment in time, La Blaugrana are in no position to meet Ajax's €55m (£49m) asking price and this will only change if there are a number of high-profile departures this summer.  Van de Beek is keen to play alongside former teammate Frenkie de Jong again, but with plenty of time left in the transfer window, the midfielder is still happy to remain patient and see what develops over the coming weeks.  Man Utd and Tottenham have both also made contact, with the former more heavily linked with his services. Previous reports have suggested that Van de Beek could be available for much less than the €55m mentioned in SPORT's update. In fact, it's been claimed an offer of around €25-30m would be enough. 
