Liverpool eyeing Mason Mount amid Chelsea contract uncertainty
Feb 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/liverpool-eyeing-mason-mount-amid-chelsea-contract-uncertainty
Liverpool are very keen to sign Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount as the 24-year-old's future at Stamford Bridge remains uncertain, 90min understands. Mount has entered the final 18 months of his contract and 90min recently reported that talks over an extension had hit a wall, with the academy graduate not yet satisfied by the terms on offer from Chelsea's new regime. Most of the Premier League's elite are keeping an eye on the situation, and sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool are prepared to take advantage of the uncertainty surrounding Mount if there are no significant developments before the summer. The Reds are preparing to overhaul their midfield, with Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain expected to leave on free transfers and the futures of a number of other senior players up in the air, and Mount has been identified as an ideal signing to rejuvenate the Liverpool squad. Liverpool are also among the frontrunners for Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham but sources have stressed that their pursuit of the 19-year-old does not impact their interest in Mount who, alongside Wolves' Matheus Nunes, is seen at Anfield as a potential compliment to Bellingham. On this edition of Son of Chelsea, part of the 90min podcast network, Daniel Childs discusses the defeat to Southampton and what it could mean for the future of Graham Potter. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! This summer will present Chelsea with a significant conundrum as Mount will hit the final 12 months of his current deal. While officials have not yet given up hope of keeping the academy graduate at Stamford Bridge, there's an acceptance that a sale could be on the cards if he fails to ink fresh terms. At that point, Liverpool would be interested in landing Mount, although 90min understands that the midfielder would prefer to remain at Chelsea as it stands.
