Football transfer rumours: Arsenal & Chelsea eye Mbappe; Man Utd ready Hojlund bid
Jul 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-arsenal-chelsea-eye-mbappe-man-utd-ready-hojlund-bid-1-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Arsenal are plotting a move for Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe when his contract expires in 2024. (Football Transfers) Chelsea will enter the race to sign Mbappe this summer and are ready to offer €120m plus two players in exchange. Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella and Christian Pulisic are all possible makeweights. (Defensa Central) Long-term Mbappe admirers Real Madrid are waiting to try sign the Frenchman in 2024 and could fill their striker gap with a loan move for Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic. (Calciomercato) Incoming PSG boss Luis Enrique is eyeing a move for Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix as he prepares to rejig his attacking line. (Relevo) Christian Pulisic has agreed a long-term contract with AC Milan, who are yet to find an agreement over a transfer fee with Chelsea. (ESPN) In their search for a new centre-back, Tottenham remain keen on Fulham's Tosin Adarabioyo. (football.london) manual Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is a huge fan of Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund and is ready to launch a €60m bid for the Dane, who is valued at closer to €100m. (Fichajes) Porto striker Mehdi Taremi is also on Man Utd's radar. (Jornal de Noticias) After completing their £60m move to sign Mason Mount, Man Utd will have £65m left over to sign a new striker. (Manchester Evening News) Liverpool are not prioritising a move for Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia and are currently focused on completing the signing of Dominik Szoboszlai from RB Leipzig. (Telegraph) Celta Vigo starlet Gabri Veiga has been contacted by Manchester City, who have promised the midfielder a significant role under Pep Guardiola. Veiga is keen on the move. (Relevo) Raphinha has been contacted by Saudi Arabia over a possible summer transfer but the Brazilian is focused on remaining with Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo)
