Lionel Messi's father reveals when Barcelona return decision will be made
Jun 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/lionel-messi-father-barcelona-return-decision
The father of Lionel Messi has confirmed that a decision on the World Cup winner's future will be made on either Tuesday or Wednesday. Messi will leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer and is keen on a return to Barcelona, with his father, Jorge, recently meeting with Blaugrana president Joan Laporta to discuss an emotional comeback at Camp Nou. After that meeting, Jorge confirmed that Messi wants to return to Barcelona and there is optimism that a deal can be done, but the 35-year-old has also been offered an eye-watering contract in Saudi Arabia that would make him the highest-earning player on the planet. Jorge later confirmed to Jijantes FC that, with Barcelona's financial viability plan expected to be approved by La Liga, a final decision on Messi's future will be made imminently. "The decision will be known this Tuesday or Wednesday," Jorge confirmed. feed Jorge later admitted that 'it is difficult' to say where Messi would be playing next season and stressed that a return to Barcelona hinges solely on whether the La Liga champions can actually afford to offer him a contract. Barcelona have exceeded their salary cap and have been banned from adding any extra salary by La Liga, who have received a viability plan from the Blaugrana in an attempt to gain permission to make moves this summer. 90min understands that their transfer wishes are expected to be given the green light imminently but Barcelona do have plenty of other business to attend to. Registering the contracts of Gavi and Ronald Araujo, whose senior extensions are still technically not official, remains a high priority as well. Once a final decision on Messi's future has been made, Barcelona also plan to recruit centre-back Inigo Martinez, who will leave Athletic Club as a free agent this summer, and they also want to sign Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan on a free transfer.
