Tottenham assistant drops huge hint over Bryan Gil future
Jan 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-assistant-drops-huge-hint-over-bryan-gil-future
Tottenham assistant manager Cristian Stellini has hinted that Bryan Gil will not be leaving the club in the January transfer window. The 21-year-old has been a peripheral figure in north London since his arrival from Sevilla in the summer of 2021, and was farmed out on loan to Valencia during the second half of last season. Gil was strongly linked with a permanent move away from Spurs in the summer, but remained at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to fight for his place for Antonio Conte. But after playing just six minutes of Premier League football before the World Cup break, it looked inevitable that Gil would be leaving in January in order to play regular first team football. Gil has started Spurs' last two games, however - the 2-0 defeat to Aston Villa and the romping 4-0 win over Crystal Palace - and laid on a sublime pass for Harry Kane's second goal in the latter. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd’s interest in Mohammed Kudus, Enzo Fernandez and Chelsea, Jude Bellingham's decision and Mykhaylo Mudryk's preferred move. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Speaking to the media ahead of Spurs' FA Cup third round tie with Portsmouth, Stellini - who was standing in for Conte following the death of Italian legend Gianluca Vialli - revealed that Gil may have done enough to prolong his stay at the club beyond January. "I think so, yeah. He could and he's playing very well," Stellini said when asked if Gil would remain a Spurs player.  "We're so happy because he's another player we worked a lot with. He has a great, great, great improvement, because he trains every day 110%. He puts in all his energy every day and this is why he deserved to play a good match to be important in that match, with an assist, and the last pass before an assist. It was a great match for him."
