Transfer rumours: Chelsea's De Jong bid; Man Utd increase Martinez offer
Jul 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-chelsea-s-de-jong-bid-man-utd-increase-martinez-offer
Chelsea are hoping to beat Manchester United to the signing of Frenkie de Jong by offering Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso plus £51m to Barcelona in a part-exchange deal.  The Blues are also in advanced talks to bring former youth academy prospect Nathan Ake back to the club from Manchester City, as they look to strengthen their defence.  Meanwhile, Chelsea want to extend Reece James' contract - which currently expires in 2025 - as he is attracting the attention of both Man City and Real Madrid.  Matthijs de Ligt would prefer to join Bayern Munich over Chelsea and has halted talks with the Premier League club as he waits for Die Roten to make their move.  Man Utd are now willing to listen to offers for Cristiano Ronaldo who has made it clear that he wishes to leave Old Trafford. Chelsea and Napoli are among the clubs interested.  Man Utd have increased their offer for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez to €50m. The Red Devils could even secure a double swoop for Martinez and Ajax teammate Antony for a combined £106m.  United have also expressed interest in Brian Brobbey, who currently plies his trade for - you guessed it - Ajax.  Another forward Man Utd are interested in is Monaco's Wissam Ben Yedder.  Paris Saint-Germain have their eyes set on Robert Lewandowski. The Poland international had been heavily linked with Barcelona but PSG could hijack the deal and also sign Gianluca Scamacca from Serie A side Sassuolo.  Both Naby Keita and Diogo Jota could sign new Liverpool contracts soon after Joe Gomez extended his deal this week.  Tottenham are close to finally confirming the  arrival of Clement Lenglet from Barca on a season-long loan. The deal will not include an obligation to buy.  Newcastle could be ready to move for Real Madrid forward Marco Asensio. The Spaniard has been linked with Liverpool in the past too. Brentford have not given up hope of signing Christian Eriksen, according to manager Thomas Frank. The Dane is widely expected to join Man Utd.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Arsenal could move for Benfica left-back Alex Grimaldo this summer.  The Gunners are also said to have made an offer for Lille wideman Edon Zhegrova.  Wolves' record signing Fabio Silva is set to join Anderlecht on a season-long loan, with the Belgian club covering a sizeable proportion of his wages.  Speaking of record signings, Leeds could be ready to eclipse theres to sign Charles De Ketelaere from Club Brugge. Leicester are in the race too, however.  Fulham are trying to sign West Ham's Issa Diop and have already tabled two offers for the centre-back.  Omar Richards is poised to join Nottingham Forest alongside Neco Williams as the Trees look to improve their full-back options.  Newcastle's interest in signing Everton young star Anthony Gordon remains strong.  
