Transfer rumours: Bayern eye Mane; Arsenal consider Sterling
May 10, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-bayern-mane-arsenal-sterling
Bayern Munich have made contact with the agent of Liverpool forward Sadio Mane, who has just one year left on his Anfield contract. There have been no talks between the two clubs thus far. Arsenal may explore moving for Raheem Sterling this summer if Manchester City decide to make the England winger available for transfer. He is out of contract in 2023 and is yet to agree a new contract. Manchester United have tasked agents with finding the best free agents on the market. The Red Devils require a substantial overhaul under incoming manager Erik ten Hag but don't have unlimited resources in terms of transfer budget. Paul Pogba will join either Real Madrid, Juventus or Paris Saint-Germain this summer after turning down interest from Manchester City. Pogba is out of contract at the end of June and is due to leave Manchester United as a free agent. Barcelona manager Xavi has claimed that Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland is joining Manchester City for financial reasons above all else. Kylian Mbappe has been spotted in a Madrid restaurant as speculation over his future rumbles on. Real Madrid believe he will be joining them this summer but signing a new contract at Paris Saint-Germain remains an option. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel expects he will be given the backing of the club’s new owners. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On this week's agenda is Erling Haaland's transfer to Manchester City, Ralf Rangnick recommending Konrad Laimer to Manchester United and the latest on the contract situations of Youri Tielemans and Sadio Mane. Aston Villa have offered an initial £12m to Barcelona for the permanent signing of on-loan midfielder Philippe Coutinho. The Catalans paid over £140m for the Brazilian and could also field late interest from Newcastle. Barcelona will make up to nine players available for transfer this summer to fund a squad rebuild. That could still include Frenkie de Jong, despite public insistence from Xavi and others that the Dutchman is an important player. West Ham are favourites to sign Arsenal striker Eddie Nketiah, who is out of contract this summer. The Gunners want to tie him down to a new long-term deal but Crystal Palace and Borussia Monchengladbach are also keen on a player who'd had limited chances to play until recently. The Hammers are also likely to renew their interest in Manchester United forward Jesse Lingard. Liverpool are yet to contact Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain about a new contract, leaving the midfielder uncertain of his future amid a lack of playing time. His current deal expires in 2023. Newcastle are preparing to sell up to 10 players before next season as part of a squad transformation. Captain Jamaal Lascelles is among those likely to be available. The Magpies are also interested in tough tackling Tottenham midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg. Leeds are one of the clubs interested in Chelsea defender Jake Clarke-Salter, who has spent this season on loan at Coventry in the Championship. PSV Eindhoven are another.
