Football transfer rumours: Mbappe agrees new PSG contract; Barcelona consider Felix swap bid
Aug 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-mbappe-psg-barcelona-felix-14-8-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Kylian Mbappe has reached an agreement with Paris Saint-Germain to extend his contract for a further 12 months to ensure he does not leave the club for free next summer. (RMC Sport) Real Madrid continue to hunt for a new goalkeeper and have expressed an interest in Porto's Diogo Costa, who will only be allowed to leave if his release clause of €75m is triggered. (Fichajes) The interest in Costa comes after Real Madrid saw a loan offer for Valencia's Giorgi Mamardashvili rejected. (COPE) Liverpool, Bayern Munich and PSG are all interested in PSV Eindhoven midfielder Ibrahim Sangare. (ESPN) Manchester United have seen an opening bid for Bayern Munich defender Benjamin Pavard rejected by the German club. (Sky Germany) Despite Chelsea declining a swap deal involving Dusan Vlahovic, Juventus remain in talks with the Blues over signing striker Romelu Lukaku. (Corriere dello Sport) manual Barcelona are considering offering winger Ansu Fati to Atletico Madrid in a swap deal for Portuguese forward Joao Felix, but such a bid is only expected to be made towards the end of the transfer window. (Helena Condis Edo) A formal bid from Barcelona is also expected to be made for Manchester City full-back Joao Cancelo, who will be given the chance to move to Catalonia on loan with an option for a permanent deal. (Fabrizio Romano) Man City will consider making a move for Crystal Palace midfielder Michael Olise if they fail to get a deal for West Ham United's Lucas Paqueta over the line. (Football Insider) Tottenham are considering a move for Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun after Harry Kane's departure to Bayern Munich. (Gazzetta dello Sport) With a move for Neymar inching closer, Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal have also reignited their interest in Fulham striker Aleksandar Mitrovic. (Mail)
