The Bulls**t-O-Meter: January's transfer rumours - ranked by ridiculousness
Jan 15, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/the-bulls-t-o-meter-january-transfer-rumours-ranked
We're into week three of the January transfer window already, and while the DONE DEAL columns aren't filling up quite as quickly as we'd like, the rumour mill is busier than ever. Fortunately, 90min have just the thing to separate the wheat from the chaff. Oh yeah, you better believe it.  The trusty BULLS**T-O-METER is back for its first outing of 2021.  Get in, losers, we're going rumour rating.  Linked clubs: Arsenal Let's start with a nice easy one, where almost everything that has been in the headlines recently is more or less on the money.Arsenal want an attacking midfielder, Norwich have an attacking midfielder. Norwich name the price, Arsenal sulk over it for ages waiting for Norwich to change their mind. What we're yet to see is the bit where the Gunners eventually realise the price isn't coming down, and pay an extra 10% because they waited for weeks to actually submit an offer.But give it time. Possibility of future transfer: Dead certainLikelihood of January move: Reasonable BULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 2/10 Here's why Arsenal should consider a move for Yves Bissouma. | ✍️ @RossJackson10 Linked clubs: Arsenal, Liverpool, Manchester UnitedOh how we spoil you, Arsenal fans.Here we've got another deal that actually looks fairly plausible.Reports here are all along the same track, with Arsenal showing the most interest in Brighton's standout midfielder, as Liverpool and Manchester United watch things closely and consider a summer approach.Slight whiff of sh**e emanating from a report that claims the player has already told friends he would prefer Arsenal to 'any other Premier League club' but we can't penalise it too heavily for that.Graham Potter has shot down suggestions he could leave in January, granted, but Brighton are closing in on Moises Caicedo - who would be a theoretical replacement for Bissouma.Possibility of future transfer: Very very likelyLikelihood of January move: Slim but not impossible BULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 4/10 Linked clubs: Arsenal, Leicester, Lyon Yeah, this one smells a little fishy. Celtic are struggling in Scotland and look set to finally yield the title that has been all theirs for the past nine seasons to rivals Rangers. But that doesn't mean they're about to roll over and sell up on the cheap.There have been links with Leicester (stemming from a very non-committal response from Brendan Rodgers which 'didn't rule out' a move), while Arsenal (other priorities) and Lyon (literally just replaced Moussa Dembele with Islam Slimani) have made occasional headlines. None of the links have been outright ludicrous, which just about saves it. But it's very unlikely to see anyone coming up with a fee this month that would tempt Celtic to part with him - especially considering his form this season has been far from enticing. Possibility of future transfer: LikelyLikelihood of January move: Not happeningBULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 6/10 Linked clubs: Chelsea, Manchester UnitedChelsea's interest in the West Ham midfielder/defender/whatever he is has been no secret, and it's widely accepted that the only reason it hasn't happened yet is due to the Irons' asking price - somewhere between £50m-£250m depending on who you believe. It's feasible they could move in for him again, but that's not likely to be in January - West Ham are under no pressure to sell mid-season and risk derailing their campaign at the halfway point. What seems even less likely is that Manchester United, who have finally settled into a steady rhythm, are prepared to offer genuine competition at this stage - especially since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is having serious problems fitting in all his midfielders as things stand. Feasible should a couple of Paul Pogba, Fred or Nemanja Matic move on. But that's not going to happen this month - even if they are interested. Don't hold your breath for now. Possibility of future transfer: Highly likelyLikelihood of January move: Very lowBULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 6.5/10 Poch would have been impressed with Pogba last night. ?Rate the chances of this move happening out of ten... pic.twitter.com/2ItQDXNwFn Linked clubs: Juventus, PSG, Real MadridWe haven't half seen some amount of bulls**t with Pogba over the years, but since his agent Mino Raiola started running his mouth again last month, it has kicked into overdrive. He might well leave Manchester United in the summer, he might well want to leave Manchester United in the summer, he might well already be planning his return to Juventus. But Jesus Christ. Everything he does is spun into a 'transfer hint', be it sensationally admitting that he wants to play football, or liking a vague Instagram post from one of his friends, or arriving at training in a car by himself. He doesn't help his case by letting his agent run riot, granted, but the guy cannot win. As far as his 'imminent summer move' goes, reports of interest from Spain and Italy have died down, with PSG emerging as an apparent contender. Possibility of future transfer: LikelyLikelihood of January move: NoBULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 7.5/10 Shkodran Mustafi's agent has confirmed that he's in talks with Barcelona over a move for the defender. ? pic.twitter.com/P3aX6Elj2d Linked clubs: BarcelonaMoving back to Arsenal, it's not just incomings that Mikel Arteta will be worrying about this January.That's because we know, you know and he knows that there's an awful lot of deadwood floating around at the Emirates and it's neighbouring facilities; a category that German central defender, and one-time World Cup winner, Shkodran Mustafi falls into nicely.But the fanciful notion that he's off to Barcelona, the new banter club (from a financial management standpoint, anyway), is most likely rather wide of the mark and is instead the cunning masterpiece of an agent looking for any excuse to escape lockdown for 'work' purposes.Possibility of future transfer: Dead certain (but not to Barça)Likelihood of January move: Not on Arteta's nelly BULLS**T-O-METER RATING: 7.5/10
