Leicester close to sealing Patson Daka transfer despite late interest
Jun 21, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-transfer-news-patson-daka-deal-close-exclusive
Leicester City are close to completing the signing of Red Bull Salzburg striker Patson Daka, having fended off late interest from a number of Premier League clubs. The 22-year-old stepped into Erling Haaland's shoes in Salzburg and enjoyed an outstanding 2020/21 season, scoring 34 goals and contributing a further 12 assists in 42 appearances - form which earned himself admirers from across Europe. It's Leicester who have won the race for Daka's signature, striking a deal to bring the Zambia international over to King Power Stadium for just under £30m, but sources have confirmed to 90min that a handful of Premier League sides tried to swoop in at the last minute. Three of Leicester's rivals made late calls to Salzburg and Daka to try get a deal done, although the identities of the clubs in question remains unknown. Manchester City, Manchester United, Chelsea, Tottenham, Arsenal, Everton and Wolves have all scouted Daka in depth in the past. Despite those bids, Daka has chosen to link up with Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers, who he believes is the ideal manager to take his career to the next level.  Rodgers has helped get the best out of a number of young players in the Leicester squad, with the likes of James Justin, Youri Tielemans, James Maddison and Wilfred Ndidi all flourishing under the Northern Irishman. Leicester turned to Daka after seeing a move for Rodgers' preferred target, Celtic hitman Odsonne Edouard, collapse at the last minute. A deal for the Frenchman was understood to be close to completion and had been agreed in principle some weeks ago. But talks between Leicester and Celtic broke down at the final stages, leading the Foxes to look elsewhere. Negotiations with Daka were quick and effective, with Leicester wasting little time in convincing him that moving to King Power was best for his development.
