Chelsea alerted to potential Dayot Upamecano availability
Jul 9, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-alerted-to-potential-dayot-upamecano-availability
Chelsea have been informed of the potential availability of Bayern Munich's Dayot Upamecano if Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt joins the Bundesliga champions, 90min understands. The Blues have an extensive list of defensive targets and sources have confirmed to 90min that they ideally would like to sign three new central defenders this summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have departed on free transfers, to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively, while Kurt Zouma is yet to be replaced after he moved to West Ham last August. That's left Chelsea with an ageing Thiago Silva, Trevoh Chalobah, Malang Sarr and Cesar Azpilicueta, who is more of a full-back, as Thomas Tuchel's only senior options - a small pool considering the German has utilised three central defenders for much of his time in charge at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are continuing to pursue long-term target Jules Kounde, although Barcelona are also keen on signing the Sevilla star, while they are confident of agreeing a deal with Manchester City for former player Nathan Ake. Napolli's Kalidou Koulibaly, Paris Saint Germain's Presnel Kimpembe and Torino's Gleison Bremer have also been spoken to, but their top target has emerged as Juventus' Matthijs de Ligt. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Ironically, it is actually De Ligt who could make Upamecano available as Bayern have emerged as huge rivals to Chelesa for the Dutchman. Indeed, German and Dutch sources have told 90min that a move to the Allianz Arena is much more likely than one to Stamford Bridge. 90min understands that Upamecano's representatives are well aware of the interest in De Ligt and his arrival could trigger an exit from Bayern for the Frenchman. With a World Cup opportunity coming at the end of the year, the 23-year-old seemingly can't afford to be sat on the bench with Lucas Hernandez the likely first choice partner to De Ligt in Munich.
