Who is Romain Perraud? Things to know about the French defender 
Apr 14, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/who-is-romain-perraud-things-to-know
You may have heard this one a few times already this season, but Leeds are fun to watch, aren't they? For all their blistering energy, bonkers game management and breath-taking fitness levels, however, Marcelo Bielsa's side are sometimes left a little threadbare in certain positions. Left back is one such position.  Other than Ezgjan Alioski, the Argentine doesn't have all too many options in the role, with Stuart Dallas the best alternative to the Macedonian. So, a venture into the transfer market may be on the cards this summer.  The Whites have already found one gem from Ligue 1 in Raphinha, who is currently enjoying an impressive maiden Premier League campaign, and the next import from France may be in the form of 23-year old Romain Perraud. The Brest left-back has been linked with a move to Elland Road, so here's all you need to know about him.  Not just anyone is linked with a Marcelo Bielsa team, and it's with very good reason Perraud is being lined up. The Frenchman is the ultimate modern day full-back. As well as ranking second at Brest for tackles and interceptions in Ligue 1 this campaign (92), Perraud is one of his side's most potent attacking threats.The 23-year old has taken more shots than any other defender in Ligue 1 this season, scoring three times, and ranks third among defenders in Ligue 1 for carries into the final third (68), helping him register five assists - second highest among the division's defenders.Skip to 0:39 and 0:50 in the video above to see Perraud inspiring Brest to a 3-2 victory over current league leaders Lille earlier in the season - one of the three occasions he's managed a goal and assist in the same match this campaign. A post shared by Pilou ??‍♂️ (@romain_perraud) Perraud is yet another bright prospect for the French national team and has shown great form when representing his nation's youngsters. He has featured for France at Under-17, 18, 19, 20 and 21 levels, notching two goals across 22 appearances.  A post shared by Pilou ??‍♂️ (@romain_perraud) Something that has no doubt attracted Bielsa to the 23-year old is his attitude. The left back is very much aware that the team is bigger than its individuals, telling Le Telegramme in 2020 (via planetfootball): "I don’t want to get ahead of myself and say ‘this is the season when I can make a major breakthrough,’ as I’m not like that. I’m not pretentious enough to say it’s my season. It’s about putting the team first.” A post shared by Pilou ??‍♂️ (@romain_perraud) Like current Leeds shot stopper Illan Meslier did with Lorient, Perraud made a name for himself in Ligue 2. The left-back was sent out on loan from Nice to Paris FC for the 2018/19 season, scoring a whopping five times in 32 league games from left-back including the absolute rocket seen above.That season, Perraud was named Ligue 2 player of the season, earning him a €2m move to current employers Brest. A post shared by Pilou ??‍♂️ (@romain_perraud) In January, Brest made sure that they will be able to at least get a fair transfer fee for Perraud should he leave in the summer. The 23-year old signed a contract extension that takes him all the way to 2025 with the club and, while it won't require an astronomical fee to lure him away from Brest, he won't come cheap. 
