West Ham push for Jakub Kiwior and Hans Vanaken after Thilo Kehrer arrival
Aug 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-push-jakub-kiwior-hans-vanaken-thilo-kehrer
West Ham United are working on deals for Jakub Kiwior and Hans Vanaken after completing the signing of Thilo Kehrer from Paris Saint-Germain, 90min understands. The Hammers confirmed the signing of Germany international Kehrer on a four-year contract with the option of a further two years on Wednesday afternoon, after agreeing to pay €12m (£10.1m) plus add-ons to the Ligue 1 champions. Kehrer became West Ham's sixth major summer signing in the process, following Nayef Aguerd, Alphonse Areola, Flynn Downes, Gianluca Scamacca and Maxwel Cornet to the capital, but he's unlikely to be the last arrival at London Stadium. Indeed, the club's hierarchy intend to continue spending in a bid to strengthen David Moyes' squad, with further reinforcements in defence top of the Scot's priority list. West Ham have been dealt a number of early season injury blows - most notably losing Aguerd for three months because of ankle surgery and Craig Dawson to a hamstring complaint - and begin a hectic run of fixtures on Thursday with the first leg of their Europa Conference League play-off clash against Viborg FF. Kehrer is expected to come into the side immediately and provide some much needed stability, but 90min understands that talks are ongoing with Spezia over a deal for another centre-back - Polish international Jakub Kiwior. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The 22-year-old, who has been linked with a move to Serie A champions AC Milan in the past, debuted for his country against Netherlands in the UEFA Nations League earlier this year and sources have confirmed to 90min that the Hammers are working on a move to bring him to the Premier League. West Ham are also continuing to push for Club Brugge midfielder Hans Vanaken despite seeing a €10m bid for the 29-year-old rejected on Tuesday. 
