Football transfer rumours: How PSG could keep Mbappe; Lukaku's shock Inter decision
Jul 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-how-psg-could-keep-mbappe-lukak-shock-inter-decision-15-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain are looking to sign striker Victor Osimhen from Napoli in another attempt to convince Kylian Mbappe to stay and compete for the Champions League. (Sport) There are also plans for PSG to hijack Bayern Munich's bid for Tottenham striker Harry Kane. (Independent) Tottenham fear that they will lose Kane this summer and are ready to step up their pursuit of Dusan Vlahovic of Juventus as a replacement. (Rudy Galetti) Achraf Hakimi is on Manchester City's list of potential replacements for Kyle Walker and the PSG defender wants to join the Premier League champions this summer. (Football Insider) Leaving Man City could be Bernardo Silva, whose agent has confirmed to Barcelona that they are prepared to push for a departure from the Etihad if a serious offer arrives. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester United are leading the chase for Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, who has been valued at £26m. (Corriere dello Sport) manual Inter have lodged a €40m bid for Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku but have been left stunned by the Belgian's sudden radio silence. Lukaku has since spoken with Juventus over a transfer and Inter are furious with his conduct. (Fabrizio Romano) Another Chelsea striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, has fresh interest from Marseille. (Relevo) Alphonso Davies wants to stay with Bayern Munich this summer and make a decision on his future next season, with Real Madrid ready to sign him in 2024 if the Canada international does not extend his contract. (Bild) Jordan Henderson's proposed move to Saudi Arabia is in danger of collapsing as Al Ettifaq, who are not owned by the Public Investment Fund, are struggling to meet Liverpool's £20m asking price. (Mail) Talks between Barcelona and Girona over midfielder Oriol Romeu are nearing a positive conclusion. An agreement of around €5m plus add-ons should be agreed soon. (Marca)
