Football transfer rumours: Chelsea ready huge Vinicius Jr bid; Barcelona want Messi as captain
May 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-chelsea-huge-vinicius-jr-bid-barcelona-messi-captain-28-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea are preparing to bid around €150m for Real Madrid star Vinicius Junior, with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain also interested in the Brazilian. (El Nacional) Barcelona are ready to hand Lionel Messi the captain's armband should he complete a sensational return to the club. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester United are not willing to match Chelsea's £55m asking price for unsettled midfielder Mason Mount. (The Independent) United manager Erik ten Hag says both he and Marcus Rashford intend to renew the forward's contract at Old Trafford - his current deal runs until the end of the 2023/24 season. (Viaplay) Liverpool are close to completing the signing of Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Alexis Mac Allister. The Argentine will earn around £150,000-a-week in wages at Anfield. (Football Insider) Real Madrid have joined Bayern Munich and a number of other clubs in the chase for Eintracht Frankfurt forward Randal Kolo Muani, but a deal will be complicated to complete because of his high price tag. (Santi Aouna) Manchester City may look to replace Ilkay Gundogan, who is yet to commit his future to the club by signing a new contract, with PSG midfielder Fabian Ruiz. (Fichajes) manual Arsenal refused to insert a release clause in Bukayo Saka's new contract and instead gave him a shorter deal than had been expected. (Mail on Sunday) Newcastle have jumped ahead of Manchester United in the race to sign Napoli's highly-rated centre-back Kim min-jae. (Sunday Express) Prospective new Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino wants to cast an eye over Romelu Lukaku this summer, but the Belgian wants to join Inter on a permanent basis. (La Gazzetta dello Sport) Angel Di Maria and Leandro Paredes will not be staying at Juventus beyond this summer. The former will become a free agent and the latter will be made available for transfer by parent club PSG. (Fabrizio Romano) Tottenham, Newcastle and Aston Villa could look to poach Hwang Hee-chan from Wolves amid their struggles to meet Financial Fair Play regulations. Roma are also interested in signing the former RB Leipzig forward. (Sunday Mirror) Arsenal and Manchester City both have an interest in exciting Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise. (Ekrem Konur)
