Transfer rumours: Joao Gomes release clause; Bellingham available for £83m
Sep 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-joao-gomes-release-clause-bellingham-available-for-83m
Any clubs hoping to sign Brazilian starlet Joao Gomes will have to trigger his €60m release clause. Liverpool and Real Madrid have both been linked. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester United are still mulling over whether to offer goalkeeper David de Gea a new deal. The 31-year-old is one of the Red Devils' biggest earners and United's wage bill reached a whopping £384m last season. (Telegraph) Manchester City are 'convinced' they will sign Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund next summer, though Liverpool, Chelsea and Man Utd remain in the hunt for the England international. (The Sun) However, Dortmund want an £83m fee paid up front if they are to let Bellingham join former BVB teammate Erling Haaland at the Eithad. (The Sun) Manchester United plan to trigger a 12-month extension in Marcus Rashford's current contract if they cannot agree a new deal with the forward. (Daily Star) Arsenal had scouts in attendance for Croatia's victory over Denmark to watch Rennes midfielder Lovro Majer, who has been compared to compatriot Luka Modric. (The Sun) Atletico Madrid could move for Aston Villa star Emiliano Martinez if they lose Jan Oblak in the future. (The Mirror) Newcastle are considering a January move for Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans and hope his relationship with former Belgium coach Graeme Jones - currently an assistant under Eddie Howe - will convince him to move to St James' Park. (The Express) Stefan de Vrij is a target for Newcastle as they search for the right partner for recent defensive arrival Sven Botman. (The Express) Conversations between Frenkie de Jong and Barcelona involving deferred wages will take place at the end of the season. (Què T'hi Jugues) Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Sean Walsh bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Jude Bellingham's future, Bayern Munich's interest in Harry Kane, widespread Premier League interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk and plenty more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
