Florentino Perez reveals Real Madrid's plans to sign Kylian Mbappe
Jun 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/florentino-perez-real-madrid-plan-to-buy-kylian-mbappe
Real Madrid club president Florentino Perez has admitted that he wants to sign Kylian Mbappe. The French forward has consistently been linked with a move to Los Blancos ever since he made his breakthrough as a teenager with AS Monaco. Upon entering the final year of his contract in 2021, Real Madrid made a nine-figure offer to Paris Saint-Germain for Mbappe at the end of the summer transfer window, but this was rejected by the Ligue 1 side. The footballing world expected Mbappe to finally join Real Madrid at the end of that season on a free transfer, but in a shock twist, he signed a new contract at Parc des Princes in May 2022. However, PSG failed to kick on as Champions League contenders during the 2022/23 season, with 90min reporting early in the campaign that Mbappe had already asked to leave the club at the next available opportunity. With PSG already losing Lionel Messi to Inter Miami and Neymar also potentially on the way out - 90min understands Newcastle are exploring a deal - Mbappe may not be granted an exit from the French capital just yet. READ THE LATEST REAL MADRID NEWS, TRANSFER RUMOURS & GOSSIP feed Real Madrid themselves have lost striker Karim Benzema to Saudi Pro League winners Al-Ittihad and are on the hunt for a new star forward, with Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane among their top targets. A video on social media has now shown Perez out and about in Madrid being asked whether his side will sign Mbappe. "Yes, but not this year," he simply replied. “Florentino will you sign Mbappé?”• Florentino: “Yes, but not this year.” ⁦@soymadr7dismo⁩ pic.twitter.com/2dMYOMxRSF Real Madrid have already kicked off their summer transfer business with the signing of left-back Fran Garcia from Rayo Vallecano, while Brahim Diaz has signed a new contract following the end of his loan at Milan. Jude Bellingham is expected to be confirmed as Real Madrid's newest player in the coming days or weeks after completing a medical. LISTEN NOW
