Tottenham Interested in Re-Signing Vitória Starlet Marcus Edwards
Jul 13, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-interested-in-re-signing-vitoria-starlet-marcus-edwards-transfer-rumour
Tottenham Hotspur are considering making a move to re-sign 21-year-old winger Marcus Edwards from Vitória Guimarães. Edwards left Spurs on a free transfer in the summer of 2019 after struggling to make an impact at the club, but has since blossomed into a real star in Portugal. This year, he has managed eight goals and nine assists in all competitions, including a goal against Arsenal in the Europa League. Of course Marcus Edwards scores ?The former Spurs academy player puts Vitória ahead at the Emirates! pic.twitter.com/KbjrW1JMNe Spurs allowed him to leave for free, but A Bola note that they are interested in 'fixing their screw-up' by bringing the Englishman back to his homeland this summer, and they could do so for less than £7m. He does have a release clause of €15m (£13.5m), but Spurs negotiated a 50% sell-on clause when they first let him go, so they would only need to pay half of that clause to bring Edwards back this summer. Spurs fans are still said to be furious with the decision to let Edwards leave in 2019. Then-manager Mauricio Pochettino famously compared the youngster to Lionel Messi during his time at the club, but Spurs decided not to let him showcase his potential at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. His performances this season have earned him plenty of fans in England, with Manchester United also rumoured to be interested in Edwards if they fail to land Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho this summer. The Red Devils are named as likely competitors for Edwards' signature this summer, but 90min understands that United are confident of landing Sancho this summer in a deal worth close to the £100m mark, so there is likely very little focus on Edwards right now. His release clause seems like a real bargain in the current market, so even if United aren't really interested, there will likely be plenty of other suitors willing to join the race for his signature.
