Man Utd target explains why he rejected Old Trafford transfer this summer
Aug 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-target-explains-why-rejected-old-trafford-transfer
Japanese goalkeeper Zion Suzuki has confirmed he turned down a move to Manchester United this summer amid concerns over the minutes available to him. After David de Gea's departure on a free transfer, United began looking for two new goalkeepers and were reported to have lined up 20-year-old Suzuki, then of Japanese side Urawa Red Diamonds, as a possible backup to new number one Andre Onana. Suzuki had other plans, however, taking his talents to Belgium and joining Sint-Truiden on loan with a view to a permanent transfer next summer. While Suzuki admitted he would love to play for United in future, he confessed that he did not want to sit on the bench behind £47.2m signing Onana. feed "I decided to transfer this time as a step up in aiming to be the best in the world. It's true that there was an offer from Manchester United," Suzuki told the media. "As a football player and as a person, if I hadn't thought about anything, of course, I would like to go to Manchester United, but among them, I really want to spend time thinking about what kind of future awaits me. After much thought, I made this decision. "Manchester United have acquired Onana. It's important for me to participate in matches, and I think it is also important to play on the world stage. I want to make the most of what I have learned here and do my best." Despite his initial rejection, Suzuki confirmed he dreams of making the move to the Premier League and flying the flag for his country. "While many players are active overseas, it is difficult to become a keeper," he concluded. "I think we are going to have a really tough battle ahead of us in that position. "There are still no Japanese who are active as goalkeepers in the Premier League, so I want to be one of the first players to do so. I want to keep moving forward step by step."
