Man City confirm signing of Josko Gvardiol from RB Leipzig
Aug 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-confirm-signing-josko-gvardiol-rb-leipzig
Manchester City have confirmed the signing of centre-back Josko Gvardiol from RB Leipzig. 90min understands that City have agreed to pay an initial £77.5m to land Gvardiol, who Pep Guardiola confirmed was in Manchester over the weekend to undergo a medical. A five-year contract has been signed by Gvardiol, who becomes City's second arrival of the summer after fellow Croatian Mateo Kovacic's move from Chelsea. "I have always dreamed of one day playing in England and to be doing so now with Manchester City – after the season they have just had – is a real honour for me," Gvardiol said. "Anyone who saw Manchester City play last season knows they are the best team in the world. To win the Treble says everything you need to know about the quality this team has. "To be joining City is something very special for me and my family. To have the chance to work with Pep Guardiola, too, will be amazing. I know I am not yet the finished article and I am sure my game will progress under the best coach in football. "To be linking up with Mateo Kovacic will also be special. He’s a top footballer and I hope we can both help City achieve another successful season in 2023/24 and then beyond." feed Director of football Txiki Begiristain added: "We are very happy to bring Josko to Manchester City. He is a player we have watched closely, and we feel he has a superb set of attributes. "Top clubs all over Europe have been monitoring him, so to bring him here is great news for us. "Josko has so many qualities – everything you want in a centre-half. He is fast, competitive, combative, strong in the air, impressive in possession of the ball, with strong self-belief and a good character. He is left-footed, too, which offers us good options at the back. "He is still young but his progress in the game has been rapid. We feel confident his upward trajectory will continue here at City working with Pep and his staff."
