Manchester City Agree Personal Terms With Valencia Winger Ferran Torres 
Jul 16, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-agree-personal-terms-with-valencia-winger-ferran-torres
Manchester City have edged closer to signing Ferran Torres after agreeing personal terms with the winger. However, a deal between City and Valencia is yet to be reached. Despite Pep Guardiola's public backing of his current attacking options, City could be in the market for a new wide man after Leroy Sane joined Bayern Munich in July in a €60m move.  The club have since had their Champions League ban over turned, and plan to celebrate with a summer of spending as they attempt to wrestle the Premier League title back from runaway winners Liverpool next season.  Valencia's Torres is one of a number of players linked with Man City in light of the lifting of their European ban, and according to Eurosport Spain, the club and player have already agreed personal terms. City now just need to agree a fee with Valencia, but with the 20-year-old's contract expiring in 2021 and Valencia missing out on European football next season, the club are keen to sell in order to stabilise their current financial situation. Valencia currently sit ninth in La Liga with two games remaining, and can finish sixth at the very highest if they pick up maximum points from their remaining fixtures and those around them slip up. Man City's Champions League ban has been lifted.Surprised? ? pic.twitter.com/RiXnRCojxu Juventus, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid were also interested in Torres, but City are in the driving seat due to the winger's desire to play for Pep Guardiola - Spanish news outlet AS claim that Torres has fallen 'in love' with the Citizens.  Meanwhile, there are reports that young Torres is among a number of high-profile players to be sold by Los Che this summer. Once an agreement is reached between the two clubs, the deal could be made official in the coming weeks, and Torres could be City's first signing of the summer.
