Transfer rumours: Man Utd consider Kante; Mane price tag; Neymar available
May 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-consider-kante-mane-price-tag-neymar-available
Manchester United are considering a move for Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante, who is heading into the last 12 months of his contract at Stamford Bridge. The Red Devils are also making a final push for Wolves' Ruben Neves, but fear being priced out of a move for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. The Portuguese giants have informed United it will cost around £100m to get a deal done. Liverpool's Sadio Mane is expected to cost Bayern Munich around £25m providing a deal can be agreed. The Senegalese has just over a year left on his Anfield contract and Bayern are confident a transfer can be completed. Chelsea's £200m summer transfer budget is likely to be used on strengthening the club's defence. Sevilla's Jules Kounde and RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol are top targets to replace Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, who are both heading for La Liga on free transfers. Paris Saint-Germain are willing to listen to offers for Neymar this summer. The 30-year-old has continued to struggle with injuries after his world record €222m move from Barcelona in 2017. Real Madrid will focus on signing Aurelien Tchouameni from Monaco after the Champions League final. The French midfielder is valued at around €80m by his current employers and has already indicated he wishes to head to the Santiago Bernabeu. Aston Villa remain keen on Luis Suarez after his release from Atletico Madrid. The 35-year-old is a former teammate of manager Steven Gerrard and feels he still has something to offer at the top level. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss West Ham's Declan Rice contract plans, Gabriel Jesus' Manchester City future and how Aston Villa still want Yves Bissouma despite adding Boubacar Kamara to their ranks. There's also chat on Kylian Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, Aurelien Tchouameni & Mohamed Salah. Tottenham are confident they will sign Croatian winger Ivan Perisic on a free transfer from Serie A giants Inter. The Croatian is out of contract and also has offers from Chelsea and Juventus. Barcelona's hopes of tying teenage sensation Gavi down to a new contract continue to be hindered by interest from Liverpool. The teenager has a €50m release clause in his current deal. The Reds also maintain a strong interest in Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham and are expected to make a move for him in the summer of 2023. Arsenal are eyeing a move for Inter full-back Federico Dimarco as they seek cover for Kieran Tierney, who has struggled with injuries during his three seasons at the Emirates Stadium.
