Luka Modric Willing to Take Wage Cut in Order to Pen New Real Madrid Deal
Aug 12, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/luka-modric-wage-cut-new-real-madrid-contract
Real Madrid midfielder Luka Modric is willing to take a wage cut in order to sign a new deal with the club, with his current contract due to expire in 2021. Modric made a slow start to the 2019/20 season for Real, with his place in the starting lineup coming under threat as a result. However, the Croatian's form picked up as the season progressed, particularly following the resumption of play in June. Modric's form towards the end of the campaign was crucial to helping Los Blancos secure the league title in impressive fashion.    Finaliza nuestro camino europeo antes de lo deseado. Jodidos porque la historia de este club es ganar siempre. Pero esto no puede hacernos olvidar los 2 títulos conseguidos: Una Liga diferente y especial, y la Supercopa. ⁣ Desde ya, pensando en volver a trabajar y volver a ganar. Muchas gracias a todos los madridistas. HALA MADRID. ??❤️⁣ ⁣ ⁣ Our European jorney comes to an end before we expected. Disappointed because losing is never in our plans.⁣ But this can not make us forget our previous triumphs: La Liga, that was special and different this season, and the Supercup. ⁣ Starting now, our only thought is to come back stronger and fight for every title. Thank you to all Madridistas around the world. HALA MADRID. ??❤️ A post shared by  Luka Modric (@lukamodric10) on Aug 9, 2020 at 10:07am PDT The 34-year-old's contract is due to expire next summer, but AS report that he is keen to extend his stay at the club. However, as he fast approaches 35 years of age, the circumstances have changed and Los Blancos are wary about handing him a new contract with the same wages he is currently on. Modric is aware of this though and he is 'willing' to take a wage cut in order to make the negotiating process a smooth one.  The former Tottenham midfielder signed a contract extension back in 2018 to see him become one of the club's very top earners, but that will change should he put pen to paper on a contract extension at Real. 
