Premier League clubs interested in Juventus talent Samuel Iling-Junior
Mar 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/premier-league-clubs-interested-juventus-talent-samuel-iling-junior
Premier League clubs are eyeing a potential summer move for Juventus and England starlet Samuel Iling-Junior, 90min understands.  Iling-Junior joined Juventus in 2020 having spent nine years in the Chelsea youth academy, rejecting advances from the likes of PSG, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund to join the Italian giants. Since then the 19-year-old has spent some time in the Juventus Next Gen set-up before being called up to first-team duties in 2022. Iling-Junior has now made 11 appearances for Max Allegri's senior squad, bagging two assists and impressing Juve fans with his directness and energy out wide.  The youngster has also impressed for England's Under-20 team recently too, scoring in a 2-0 win over Germany during the March international break.  90min understands that Iling-Junior's progress, and Juventus' current financial plight, have led to Manchester City, Newcastle United and former club Chelsea all taking an interest in a potential summer move for the forward.  German clubs Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be fans of the player - with the latter being a hotbed for young English talent to develop in in recent years.  Any potential move for Iling-Junior will undoubtedly be complicated, and made much more expensive, by the fact that the England youngster has recently signed a contract extension until 2025.  READ NEXT manual Iling-Junior is one of a number exciting young players who have broken into the Juventus first-team in 2022/23.  Alongside the English forward, Italian duo Fabio Miretti and Nicolo Fagioli have become regulars in Juventus squads - with the latter even scoring in a recent Derby d'Italia win over Inter at Allianz Stadium.  19-year-old Argentine Matias Soule has also found his way into Max Allegri's plans, scoring his first goal for the club in a win over Sampdoria earlier in March.  LISTEN NOW
