Dusan Vlahovic interested in move to Premier League
May 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/dusan-vlahovic-interested-premier-league-transfer-man-utd-arsenal-chelsea-newcastle-aston-villa
Dusan Vlahovic's representatives have told Premier League clubs that their client is keen to move to England from Juventus, 90min understands.  The Serbian striker joined Juve during the 2022 January transfer window, said to have spurned interest from Arsenal in order to sign for La Vecchia Signora for €70m. After a solid first half season with his new club, Vlahovic has largely struggled for form during the current campaign.  Vlahovic had recently gone eight games without a goal before scoring against Lecce and Atalanta in the last week, and has been in and out of the starting XI under Massimilano Allegri. The striker's goal against Atalanta came in a game during which he suffered a barrage of racial abuse from La Dea fans - something he was then ridiculously booked for reacting to.  FIFA president Gianni Infantino has been among the number of high-profile people who've come out to condemn the abuse Vlahovic received, calling on the FIGC apply 'strict sanctions' on Atalanta fans.  feed The incident on Sunday, coupled with Vlahovic's lack of consistent gametime, have led to the Serbian becoming increasingly unsettled at Juve. 90min understands that he is now keen to leave Turin and his representatives are trying to make his preferred move to the Premier League a possibility. As 90min reported at the time, Vlahovic was offered to Manchester United in January and sources have confirmed that they are among the clubs interested in Vlahovic, with the striker being on the Red Devils' list of forward options heading into the summer window. United also harbour an interest in Tottenham star Harry Kane and Napoli goalscorer Victor Osimhen. Arsenal, who have been long-term admirers of Vlahovic, also retain an interest, and 90min understands Chelsea, Newcastle United and the highly-ambitious Aston Villa are on the list of clubs all mulling over a move for the young striker during the summer transfer window
