Sporting CP interested in deal for Man Utd's Cristiano Ronaldo
Aug 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/sporting-cp-interested-transfer-man-utd-cristiano-ronaldo
Sporting CP are interested in signing Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United and have indicated to his camp that they would like to explore a deal, 90min understands. Ronaldo and his representatives have continually confirmed to United over the last few weeks that the 37-year-old wants to leave Old Trafford before the transfer window closes. Ronaldo only joined United from Juventus a year ago. The Portuguese captain is unhappy at United and wants to move to a club in this season's Champions League, in order to extend his record as the competition's all time top scorer. Ronaldo has a year left to run on his deal at United - though the club have an option to extend by 12 months - and had considered moving back to the club he broke through at following the expiration of his contract with United in either 2023 or 2024. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Sporting will play in the Champions League for the coming season, while United - who are bottom of the Premier League after two match rounds - are in the Europa League after finishing sixth last season. 90min understands any deal for Sporting to bring Ronaldo back to Portugal would be extremely difficult to pull off, though there is interest on both sides in exploring options. Ronaldo's earnings at United are unmanageable for a club of Sporting's size and economic power, and serious compromises would need to be reached to make the deal happen. United themselves are now open to letting Ronaldo leave the club following a change of mind from manager Erik ten Hag, though owner Joel Glazer wants to retain the player considering his stature and commercial appeal.
