Alex Telles' Agent Keen to Finalise Manchester United Transfer
Sep 13, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/alex-telles-agent-keen-finalise-manchester-united-transfer
The agent of Porto left-back Alex Telles is hoping to engineer a move to Manchester United for the Brazilian this summer. The Red Devils are on the lookout for a new left-back this summer and are understood to have focused their efforts on Real Madrid's Sergio Reguilón, but the Spaniard still dreams of playing for Real Madrid and is unconvinced by a permanent move away. That has forced United to consider other options, and according to A Bola, Telles' agent Pini Zahavi is doing all he can to move the Porto man to the top of United's wish list this summer. Zahavi sees this as the perfect 'window of opportunity' to finally land Telles a move to the Premier League. When the pair first linked up back in April, it was Chelsea who led the race for his signature, but the Blues ended their pursuit of Telles by signing Ben Chilwell from Leicester City. A Bola, who previously stated that Telles' representatives were in Manchester last week to try and put the finishing touches on a deal, believe that United have made it clear that they will not pay more than €20m (£18.5m) for the 27-year-old, and that just so happens to be Porto's new asking price. How convenient. Zahavi is expected to return to United in the coming days to try and finalise an agreement for that amount, but whether Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will accept it immediately is a different question entirely. With Telles set to turn 28 in December, he is hardly the long-term solution that United are looking for. That's why the focus has been on Reguilón, who will turn 24 this year. However, as noted by AS, the feeling isn't completely mutual. While the idea of playing for United does appeal to Reguilón, he is wary to commit to the deal as it would almost certainly end his chances of playing for Real again. The Spaniard dreams of establishing himself at the Santiago Bernabéu, but has been met with resistance from manager Zinedine Zidane, who has no plans to use him. 
