Football transfer rumours: Arsenal keen on Havertz; Neymar eyes Barcelona return
Jun 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-arsenal-keen-havertz-neymar-barcelona-return-8-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Arsenal are interested in striking a deal for Chelsea forward Kai Havertz, who has two years remaining on his contract at Stamford Bridge. (Alex Goldberg) Manchester United are edging closer to a deal to sign Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae on a five-year contract. (Nicolo Schira) However, Man Utd will have to fend off late interest from Newcastle. The Magpies have held talks over Kim, whose £42m release clause becomes active in July. (Sun) If Kim does head elsewhere, Man Utd could turn to Monaco's Axel Disasi, who has already given his approval to a summer switch to Old Trafford. (L'Equipe) Harry Maguire could be replaced this summer as Aston Villa have voiced an interest in signing the Man Utd captain. (Football Insider) Al Ahli president Waleed Muaath has traveled to London to try to convince Manchester City winger Riyad Mahrez to move to the Middle East. (CBS Sports) manual Neymar has offered his services to Barcelona after they failed to land Lionel Messi. The Brazilian is even prepared to lower his salary to facilitate an exit from Paris Saint-Germain. (Sport) Real Madrid have abandoned their pursuit of Tottenham striker Harry Kane due to concerns over his price tag. Los Blancos believe an asking price of over €115m, plus €20m in annual wages, is not good value for a player who is nearly 30. (AS) Sticking with Tottenham, their search for a new goalkeeper could see them turn to Croatia international Dominik Livakovic. (Football Insider) Liverpool have seen a €60m bid for Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni rejected, with the Spanish side not interested in selling whatsoever. (Defensa Central) If Liverpool are to sanction the departure of young midfielder Fabio Carvalho, it will only be on a loan deal. Former side Fulham are among the teams interested. (Athletic)
