Wolves Confirm Arrival of Nelson Semedo From Barcelona for Initial €30m
Sep 23, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-confirm-transfer-nelson-semedo-wolves-30m
Wolves have confirmed the arrival of Nelson Semedo from Barcelona for an initial €30m, with the right-back penning a deal until 2023 - although the club will have the option to extend his contract until 2025.  Semedo featured 42 times in all competitions for Barça last season, but he has been unable to hold down the right-back slot during his time with the club. And with La Blaugrana in need of raising funds this summer, the 26-year-old had been linked with a number of clubs.  Welcome to Wolves, @_nelsonsemedo_!✍️? But it is Wolves who have won the race for his signature, with the club confirming the news on their official website. The Portugal international has signed a contract until the summer of 2023, with the option to extend the deal by a further two years.  Barcelona have also confirmed his departure on their official website. stating that the Premier League outfit will pay an initial €30m - but this could rise to as much as €40m with add-ons. Speaking after the news had been confirmed, Wolves chairman Jeff Shi told the club's website: “‘Progressive at heart’ is one of our core values at Wolves. For a member of staff, for a player, for the whole club, we are all making great efforts to progress continuously. Last night at Molineux...✍️? pic.twitter.com/Iudr99aLXd “It’s isn’t often that we have the opportunity to sign a world-class player from a world-class club. Nelson’s signing shows we will never stop progressing and we are still hungry and humble in our heart.” Explaining why he chose Wolves, Semedo told the club's website: "I chose Wolves because it’s a very good team that plays very good football. Last year they did a very good season and it’s a very important team in England, in also Europe. I hope this year we can do very good things. “Coach Nuno is a very good coach. He did very good things here in Wolves, and in other teams too. For sure I’m going to learn a lot from him. “The team did very good things the last three years. I’m ambitious and I hope this year we can do very good things, reach the top six and, if it’s possible, do something special. I’m very happy to be here. I’m excited to get started and thank you very much for your support and we’re going to enjoy it together.”
