Football transfer rumours: Barcelona want Messi on loan; Real Madrid turn to Kane
May 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-barcelona-messi-real-madrid-kane-31-5-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona are working with Inter Miami to try and facilitate a move for Lionel Messi. The MLS side would sign the Argentine on a free transfer from PSG before loaning him to La Blaugrana. (L'Equipe) However, Messi is edging closer to a deal to join Saudi Pro League club Al Hilal for a contract which would be worth over €1bn in total. (Foot Mercato) A player who could join Messi in Saudi Arabia is Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema, who is mulling over a lucrative contract offer to head to the Middle East. (Fabrizio Romano) Should Benzema decide to leave the Spanish capital, Real Madrid would look to bring in a new striker, with Tottenham duo Harry Kane and Richarlison ranking among Carlo Ancelotti's top targets. (Marca) Staying put in north London is Dejan Kulusevski, with Tottenham set to exercise their £26m option to sign the winger. (Evening Standard) Manchester United have joined Chelsea and PSG in the race to sign Sporting CP midfielder Manuel Ugarte. (A Bola) READ THE TRANSFER RUMOURS OF THE PAST WEEK HERE manual Arsenal and Manchester City are monitoring Italy forward Wilfried Gnonto following Leeds United's relegation from the Premier League. (Calciomercato) West Ham captain Declan Rice and his father met with Bayern Munich boss Thomas Tuchel last week to discuss a potential move to Bavaria. (BILD) Chelsea are the leading contenders to sign Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo, who will be allowed to leave this summer. The Blues had an offer for the Ecuador international knocked back in January. (Fabrizio Romano) Liverpool have opened talks with Borussia Monchengladbach for midfielder Manu Kone, who is seen as an alternative to Real Madrid-bound Jude Bellingham. (BILD) Xavi has claimed that Barcelona agreed to sign Joao Cancelo back in January, but Manchester City pulled the plug on the deal and sent him to Bayern Munich instead. (TV3) LISTEN NOW
