Barcelona could listen to Frenkie de Jong offers despite Xavi's comments
Apr 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-could-listen-to-frenkie-de-jong-offers-despite-xavi-comments
Barcelona could listen to offers for midfielder Frenkie de Jong, despite head coach Xavi and sporting adviser Jordi Cruyff insisting the Dutchman is a valued key player. Against a troubling financial backdrop at the club, De Jong’s Camp Nou future has been the subject of speculation and uncertainty this season. The appointment of Ajax boss Erik ten Hag at Manchester United this has led to rumours of a swoop from the Premier League side to reunite the pair at Old Trafford – a midfielder is on the transfer radar in Manchester, with Declan Rice and Ruben Neves known targets. “We are not going to sell Frenkie de Jong, he is a highly valued player within the club,” was Cruyff’s statement when responding to rumours this week. Similarly, Xavi described the 24-year-old as ‘very important’, insisting he has the potential to be ‘one of the best midfielders in the world’ in the future. Yet despite such resounding endorsements, Marca has claimed that the Barcelona hierarchy could still be open to offers for De Jong if they match the initial €75m the club paid Ajax in 2019. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders &Graeme Bailey. On this week's show they react to Man Utd's appointment of Erik ten Hag, as well as Erling Haaland's potential path to Manchester City & more. The report suggests that De Jong himself is no longer as ‘comfortable’ at Barça as he once was. Both the player and his father have previously said there was no reason to move, but that could have changed amid claims he has been left unhappy with his role under Xavi. De Jong is regularly not completing games and has only been afforded more than 70 minutes in La Liga games on four occasions since early Feruary. Under Xavi, he has only played seven full matches out of 27 in all competitions since the legend’s appointment as head coach in November.
