Jadon Sancho to Approach Decision on Future 'With a Clean Slate' After Failed Man Utd Move
Oct 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/jadon-sancho-future-decision-failed-manchester-united-move
Exclusive - Jadon Sancho is "back to square one" regarding a decision on his future career plans, after a proposed move to Manchester United failed to materialise in the transfer window. Sancho was pursued by United for more than a year, with the club making him their number one transfer target ahead of the 2020/21 Premier League season. Despite their interest and very public chase, United failed to meet Borussia Dortmund's valuation of €120m and ultimately turned their attention to other targets, signing four players on deadline day. Poor form and managers waiting in the wings is sure to keep the focus on one of the biggest jobs in football. | ✍️ @_scottsaunders United sources have insisted that Sancho remains on their wanted list in future windows, though 90min has learned the player has been left frustrated by the saga and will now approach a decision on his next move with an open mind. It leaves the opportunity open for other clubs to plan moves of their own, with the likes of Liverpool and Bayern Munich retaining interest. Sancho is by no means dismissing a future move to United, however their failure to complete a deal - having already agreed personal terms, discussed plans for his long-term future and made clear how they saw him fitting into their system - has left a sour taste. Sancho does not feel Dortmund stood in his way and did not feel their asking price was unreasonable. United, having done a lot of the hard work, were convinced that Dortmund would buckle and opt for a cheaper deal in spite of their public statements suggesting otherwise. The Bundesliga club obviously stood firm, with United even failing to commit to putting down £100m - which was still millions short of Dortmund's valuation in English currency. United will still spend the coming months making it clear they want Sancho in a future window, and that they believe they’ll eventually get him.Only they won’t. This was their chance. There are better clubs, and better run clubs who will come in for him later. https://t.co/7ttvxx7a2H The player and his advisors retained hopes and confidence that the deal would be completed even in the last week of the window, especially considering how much work was put into the deal, and sources indicate they were left surprised by the lack of movement. United have pointed to the impact of the pandemic on football, with supporters not able to go to grounds in England since March, as the key reason behind their alteration of plans. Their misplaced confidence that Dortmund would buckle however has piled more pressure on them, leaving supporters frustrated at how the club operates. The player staying put is Dortmund's third market victory over United this year, having already beaten them to both Erling Haaland and England teenager Jude Bellingham.  @erling.haaland face says it all ??!  Good way to start the season with a win! @bvb09 A post shared by  Jadon Sancho (@sanchooo10) on Sep 19, 2020 at 1:09pm PDT Sancho will now not consider leaving Dortmund until next summer at least, despite recent reports linking him with a move away in January, and is mindful that a successful European Championship finals campaign with England could open doors for him. Another good season will help his club too, who know that his value will maintain or increase with more clubs interested.
