Manchester City monitoring Ajax starlet Kenneth Taylor
Mar 21, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-monitoring-ajax-kenneth-taylor-exclusive
Exclusive - Manchester City scouts have been tracking Ajax midfielder Kenneth Taylor, who made his breakthrough at the Johan Cruijff Arena earlier this season. A star at youth level, the 18-year-old Dutchman was part of the Ajax Under-19 side who won the league title in 2019, and his exciting development was rewarded with a new four-year contract in September 2020. Taylor has since continued his development by making two appearances for Erik ten Hag's senior side, which has intensified a spotlight on him which has been growing for a few years now. A number of European giants have followed Taylor's progress over the past few years, with clubs from France, Germany, Italy and Spain all asking to be kept informed of his situation, and sources have confirmed to 90min that City have made it clear they would be interested in striking a deal for Taylor. City have ramped up their youth recruitment in recent years and have constructed an academy side which is on track to roar to the Premier League 2 title, and club officials are interested in making Taylor their latest teenage target. It is understood that Ajax may receive offers for Taylor as early as this summer, but the Dutch side have warned his suitors that they have no desire to let him leave at this point in his young career. Those in Amsterdam see Taylor as a complete midfielder, capable of making an impact both in midfield and in attack. There is a belief that he could progress in a similar vein to Frenkie de Jong, who cost Barcelona in excess of £60m in 2019. Taylor is more offensively inclined than De Jong. He has managed a return of six goals and four assists in 23 appearances for Jong Ajax this season, and he is expected to take up a significant role in the senior squad next season. That being said, Ajax have proven willing to do business over any player if the price is right, although the Dutch side are not afraid to slap enormous price tags on the heads of players who they want to keep nurturing in Amsterdam.
