Manchester City & Arsenal Consider Move for Brentford's David Raya
Jul 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-arsenal-consider-move-for-brentford-david-raya
Exclusive - Manchester City are considering making a move for Brentford goalkeeper David Raya as Pep Guardiola looks to bring in a replacement for the departing Claudio Bravo. However, they may face competition for his signature from Premier League rivals Arsenal.  24-year-old Raya only joined Brentford last summer for around £3m, but he has been crucial in the Bees' promotion push this season. The shot-stopper has played every minute of Championship football in 2019/20, keeping 16 clean sheets in this time - placing him at the top of the list in this department along with Millwall's Bartosz Bialkowski.  The 24-year-old's stellar performances this campaign haven't gone unnoticed either. A source has confirmed to 90min that Manchester City are looking at Raya as Guardiola looks to bring in a replacement for Bravo - who is set to leave the Etihad for free once the 2019/20 season is complete. Ederson is City's undisputed number one, but Guardiola is keen to bring in a shot-stopper who can challenge the Brazilian and push him on. 90min has learned that Brentford could allow Raya to leave the club if an offer of around £10m were to come in - a deal which would see them more than triple their original investment. However, City aren't the only top Premier League club considering a move for Raya as Arsenal have also been interested.  Despite Emiliano Martinez's impressive performances in recent weeks, Mikel Arteta's goalkeeping coach Iñaki Caña Pavon has highlighted Raya as the number one target for this position should Arteta wish to strengthen.  Pavon played a major role in Raya's transfer to Brentford last summer, while the goalkeeping coach also worked closely with him during his time with the Bees prior to his own move to the Emirates.  Of course, Martinez has hardly put a foot wrong in Bernd Leno's absence, negating the immediate need for goalkeeping reinforcements.
