RB Leipzig Chief Claims Chelsea Are Yet to Trigger Timo Werner's Release Clause
Jun 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/rb-leipzig-chief-claims-chelsea-are-yet-to-trigger-timo-werner-s-release-clause-01ea4z3w3a1v
RB Leipzig chief Oliver Mintzlaff has denied reports claiming that Chelsea have finalised a deal to sign Timo Werner, explaining that the Blues haven't yet triggered the player's release clause - but the deal is expected to still be finalised next week.   Werner had been flirting with Liverpool for much of the 2019/20 season and it was expected that the coveted 24-year-old would eventually make the switch to Anfield when the transfer window opens, but Chelsea stunningly moved quickly to put themselves at the front of the queue last week.  It was reported on Thursday that the Blues had triggered the Germany international's €60m release clause, with Werner himself also signing off on the move. Timo Werner is close to joining Chelsea in a deal worth almost €60M, according to reports in Germany. | ✍️ @matthewOCS However, RB Leipzig's chief Mintzlaff has denied that the Blues have triggered their star man's release clause and, as a result, no agreement has so far been reached between the German club and Chelsea. Speaking to Sky Germany (via Get German Football News) ahead of Leipzig's game against Paderborn, Mintzlaff said: “We haven’t had an exchange with Chelsea yet. So far, Timo Werner has not drawn the clause, nor has a club sent a transfer contract.  "We have nothing to report and do not take part in the daily speculation.”  Werner has been in superb form in 2019/20, grabbing 31 goals and providing a further 12 assists in just the 40 appearances so far.  His form this season understandably saw him linked with a number of top European clubs, but it is Chelsea who appear to have won the race for his signature. Christian Falk of Sport Bild has taken to Twitter to report that Manchester City were also negotiating with Werner, but Frank Lampard managed to convince the player by telling him that he will be an important first-team member. 
