Transfer rumours: Juventus talks with Pogba; Danjuma release clause
May 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-juventus-talks-pogba-danjuma-release-clause
Juventus are expected to hold a new round of talks with Paul Pogba about a return to Turin. The Manchester United midfielder is out of contract next month. Manchester United could keep Cristiano Ronaldo, despite missing out on Champions League football, after incoming manager Erik ten Hag hinted he wants the 37-year-old to stay. Manchester United and Liverpool target Arnaut Danjuma, who impressed for Villarreal en-route to the Champions League semi-finals, is understood to have a £45m release clause. Chelsea have agreed terms with winger Ivan Perisic over a free transfer – his contract with Inter will expire soon. Arenal and Tottenham are set to go head to head for Racing Club forward Carlos Alcaraz, with the 19-year-old tipped to follow in the footsteps of former Racing star Lautaro Martinez. Jesse Lingard would prefer to stay in the Premier League when he leaves Manchester United as a free agent next month, rather than make the move to Italy amid Serie A interest. Bayern Munich honorary president Uli Hoeness has claimed Robert Lewandowski refusing to sign a new contract is ‘all about money’ and is confident the Pole will agree a fresh deal. Barcelona are the club most heavily linked with the striker. Aston Villa are interested in Atletico Madrid veteran Luis Suarez, which would see the Uruguayan return to the Premier League and reunite with former Liverpool teammate Philippe Coutinho at Villa Park. Listen to Talking Transfers, part of the 90min Podcast Network. In this episode, Scott Saunders, Toby Cudworth and Graeme Bailey discuss Kylian Mbappe's impending move to Real Madrid, Robert Lewandowski leaving Bayern, Raphinha to Barcelona and Steven Gerrard targeting Luis Suarez. Barcelona are ready to move for Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves, who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal. Arsenal could consider selling centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes amid interest from Serie A giants Juventus. The Brazilian cost the Gunners £23m plus add-ons in 2020, with a deal potentially sweetened by the availability of Arthur - a player who almost moved to the Emirates in January. Everton manager Frank Lampard will hold talks with a number of players – including Dominic Calvert-Lewin – at the end of the season to discuss their futures at the club. Calvert-Lewin in particular has been linked with Arsenal and Newcastle. Newcastle face competition from Borussia Dortmund in their efforts to sign Reims striker Hugo Ekitike, having been unable to get a deal over the line in January. Newcastle have renewed their interest in Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson, who hasn’t managed to displace David de Gea as number one since returning from his Sheffield United loan. West Ham expect Newcastle to sign Burnley centre-back James Tarkowski this summer and have moved on to different options as a result.
