Sergio Romero close to joining new club after Man Utd release
Oct 7, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-transfer-news-sergio-romero-new-club-release
Former Manchester United goalkeeper Sergio Romero is close to joining Serie A side Venezia on a free transfer. The 34-year-old has been on the hunt for a new club ever since United released him at the end of his contract in June. Romero, who has been capped 96 times by Argentina, was frozen out by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer during the final year of his United deal, having previously been relied upon to feature in cup and continental competition. He initially wasn't registered for the 2020/21 Premier League season, partly because of Dean Henderson's return to the club, before being added in February - though he didn't actually feature for United in any competition. That meant his final appearance in red actually came during the narrow Europa League quarter-final victory over Copenhagen, way back in August 2020. Things started to unravel for Romero when David de Gea was picked to face Chelsea in the semi-final of the 2019/20 FA Cup, even though he had played in the competition's previous four rounds. Romero was then axed from his role as Europa League goalkeeper and watched on as De Gea played in the semi-final defeat to Sevilla. Romero's exile led to a furious backlash from his wife, who slammed United for 'disrespecting' him, while there was also said to be ill-feeling and 'disappointment' among the players about how he had been treated. But despite United having no inclination to play Romero in any competition, they refused to sanction an exit during the season itself - despite Solskjaer confirming in January 2021 that he and Marcos Rojo could leave the club - and he instead waited out his contract back in his homeland after putting his Cheshire mansion up for sale. Some three months after his release, Romero's next destination appears to be finalised. Journalist Fabrizio Romano reports that negotiations are at an advanced stage and he is expected to put pen-to-paper on a contract despite interest from Spezia.
