Transfer rumours: Barca's shock Ronaldo interest; Martinez wants Premier League move
Jul 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-barca-shock-ronaldo-interest-martinez-wants-premier-league-move
Barcelona could make a shock swoop to sign Cristiano Ronaldo this summer with club president Joan Laporta and the player's agent Jorge Mendes holding talks. Chelsea are also considering a move for Ronaldo, although the 37-year-old is not thought to be 100% convinced over whether a move to Stamford Bridge is the correct next step. Paris Saint-Germain have been linked with Ronaldo too, in a move that would see CR7 link up with long-time rival Lionel Messi. The forward is willing to take a significant wage cut to secure his Old Trafford exit.  Chelsea are in advanced talks to sign England winger Raheem Sterling, who Manchester City value at around £50m. Timo Werner, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech, who has loan interest from AC Milan, could be heading in the other direction at Stamford Bridge with further changes expected under Chelsea's new ownership.  Tottenham have enquired about the possibility of signing Memphis Depay from Barcelona this summer. The Blaugrana could allow the Dutchman to leave for £20m as they look to balance their books. Spurs remain interested in signing Pau Torres, despite the imminent arrival of Clement Lenglet on loan.  Eder Militao and Rodrygo have each agreed new long-term deals with Real Madrid. Both contracts include a €1bn release clause.  Marco Asensio is waiting to see if Liverpool make a bid for his services before committing his future to Real.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Lisandro Martinez - a target for both Arsenal and Man Utd - has pleaded with current club Ajax to let him leave for the Premier League this summer. Juventus remain interested in signing Arsenal defender Gabriel Magalhaes if they are unable to keep hold of Netherlands centre-back Matthijs de Ligt. Romeo Lavia is set for a medical ahead of a £14m move from Manchester City to Southampton.  West Ham are confident of beating Everton to the signing of Jesse Lingard. The midfielder is currently a free agent following his release from Old Trafford at the end of the season. The two clubs are also battling it out to sign Armando Broja from Chelsea, who is also on the radar of Newcastle, Leeds and Southampton - whom he was on loan at last season. Brice Samba has agreed the terms of his Nottingham Forest exit and will join RC Lens for just £4m. Moving the other way is Mainz defender Moussa Niakhate. Brentford are closing in on the signings of Bologna defender Aaron Hickey and Hull winger Keane Lewis-Potter.
