Football transfer rumours: Al Hilal eye Lewandowski; Sanchez shock Premier League return
Jul 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-al-hilal-eye-lewandowski-sanchez-shock-premier-league-return-27-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Al Hilal are eyeing a move for Barcelona striker Robert Lewandowski in 2024, and are confident of luring the Polish striker after tying up deals for Ruben Neves, Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and Kalidou Koulibaly among others. (Mundo Deportivo) The Saudi Arabian side will not get the opportunity to negotiate terms with Kylian Mbappe, with sources close to the negotiations convinced he has already agreed to join Real Madrid for free. (Telegraph) Bayern Munich are not considering signing former Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea, despite being offered the chance to speak to the 32-year-old. (Sky Germany) Former Arsenal and Manchester United forward Alexis Sanchez could make a shock return to the Premier League with Nottingham Forest. (The Sun) Manchester United must up their offer for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund to €70m (£59.9m) if they are to get a summer deal over the line. (Fabrizio Romano) Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in signing Hojlund and are prepared to offer significantly higher wages to the Dane. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Liverpool will imminently make a second offer for Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia, with his asking price standing at £50m. (The Athletic) Luis Suarez will stay at Gremio until at least the end of the year, instead of rejoining former Barcelona teammates Lionel Messi, Sergio Busquets and Jordi Alba at Inter Miami. (ESPN) manual Arsenal are closing on a discounted deal worth £6.8m for Brazilian midfielder Bitello. (The Sun) Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou has intimated that Giovani Lo Celso will not be leaving the club this summer. Napoli are among the sides interested in signing the Argentine midfielder. (Evening Standard) Juventus sporting director Cristiano Giuntoli is heading to London to negotiate a loan deal with Chelsea for Romelu Lukaku. (Calciomercato) Premier League champions Manchester City are close to tying Nathan Ake down to a new long-term contract. (Mail) Real Madrid have been approached by Bayer Leverkusen, managed by Xabi Alonso, over a deal for 21-year-old midfield starlet Sergio Arribas. (Rodra) Everton have no desire to sell Dominic Calvert-Lewin this summer amid interest from Jose Mourinho's Roma. (Mail)
