Fabinho's proposed Saudi Pro League switch in doubt
Jul 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/fabinho-saudi-pro-league-switch-doubt
Fabinho's proposed £40m switch from Liverpool to Saudi Pro League side Al Ittihad is on the rocks amid ongoing conversations around the structure of the deal, 90min understands. The 29-year-old, who still has three years left on his Anfield contract, was previously given permission to undergo a medical with the Saudi champions, before potentially linking up with Karim Benzema and N'Golo Kante at a club managed by former Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo. But despite both teams working towards a deal being finalised, the process has slowed down as Liverpool have not yet agreed the details of when certain amounts of the fee will be paid. 90min understands there's a willingness from Liverpool and Al Ittihad to work through the issue, but the Brazilian will, unexpectedly, return to training at the Reds' AXA Training Centre until an agreement can be found. Liverpool have already begun to plan for life after Fabinho and team-mate Jordan Henderson, who is also expected to head to Saudi Arabia in order to link up with former team-mate Steven Gerrard, now in charge of Al Ettifaq. The Reds have seen an opening offer for Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia rejected, though it's understood the club will return with an improved bid worth more than the £35m plus add-ons package they initially proposed. feed 19-year-old Lavia is more geared towards replacing Fabinho than Henderson, after starring in a defensive midfield role last season despite Southampton's relegation from the Premier League, and is valued by the Saints at over £50m. The Belgian is also on the radar of Arsenal and Chelsea, both of whom have admired the Belgian for a long time and could yet make moves of their own. Speaking recently to Liverpool's official club podcast, Jurgen Klopp recently said of his preparations for the new season and prospective new signings: "My main focus and my main energy has to go into the training sessions, that's what I do," he told Liverpool's official club podcast. "The time left and right of the sessions then I can try and sort other stuff, and that's what we are doing. "Still around three to four weeks until the first game of the season, a few things have to happen until then. Definitely. Transfer market-wise as well, that's clear now. It will happen, and we will have a good team." Liverpool have already drafted in Alexis Mac Allister and Dominik Szoboszlai from Brighton & Hove Albion and RB Leipzig respectively, after letting a number of experienced midfielders leave the club. Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner have departed on free transfers, with Fabinho and Henderson's proposed exits indicating a significant changing of the guard for Liverpool in the centre of the park.
