Christian Eriksen completes Manchester United move
Jul 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/christian-eriksen-completes-manchester-united-move
Manchester United have confirmed the signing of free agent Christian Eriksen on a three-year contract. The 30-year-old has opted to continue his career at Old Trafford after a successful return to English football with Brentford last season - he joined the Bees seven months after suffering a cardiac arrest while playing for Denmark at the delayed Euro 2020 tournament. Eriksen subsequently had an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator fitted but was unable to continue his career with Inter - who he'd joined from Tottenham in January 2020 - because of Serie A regulations regarding ICD's. He was released from his contract at the end of 2021 and then signed a six-month contract at Brentford. But after considering an extension to his stay, having impressed greatly under Thomas Frank, Eriksen has been persuaded to continue his career under the management of new United manager Erik ten Hag. “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling," Eriksen said of his arrival. “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future.  Christian Eriksen is a RED! ✍️🔴#MUFC || @ChrisEriksen8 "I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.”  John Murtough, United's football director, added “Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career. It is no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him.   “In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we are looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.”  Eriksen has made played 237 times in the Premier League, scoring 52 goals and contributing 66 assists. He is still widely regarded as one of the best set-piece takers in the world, and will add further quality to a United midfield depleted by the departure of Paul Pogba this summer.
