Transfer notebook: Roy Hodgson agrees Crystal Palace stay
Jun 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-notebook-roy-hodgson-agrees-crystal-palace-stay
Roy Hodgson has agreed terms with Crystal Palace to stay in charge as manager for another season, 90min understands. Hodgson, who took charge of 162 games in his first spell as Palace manager from 2017 to 2021, returned to Selhurst Park in March after Patrick Vieira was dismissed from his post. The veteran coach won five of his ten games in charge at the backend of the 2022/23 term - including three in a row to begin his second stint - to banish fears of relegation and an agreement with chairman Steve Parish has been reached for Hodgson to remain in role for another year. The deal is not yet signed but Palace are planning on the former England boss leading them into the 2023/24 campaign, having mulled the decision over since May. Juventus are now confident Adrien Rabiot will reject from clubs including Manchester United to sign a new contract in Italy. La Vecchia Signora have been waiting on a decision from the France international over the past week or so but expect him to extend his stay in Turin by signing a new contract. His current deal expires this summer. Manchester United had offered a larger salary to the midfielder, but Rabiot has decided to stay with Juve after scoring eight goals in 32 Serie A appearances last season. Inter remain keen to bring Romelu Lukaku back to San Siro and the Belgium international is expected to seal an exit from Chelsea this summer. All three parties remain keen to conclude a deal, with Inter infatuated by Lukaku's commitment and passion for the club. However, the Blues are keen to negotiate a permanent exit for the striker. Elsewhere at Inter, Al Nassr have focused their energy on signing Marcelo Brozovic - a target for Barcelona - after wrapping up a move for Hakim Ziyech. West Ham have spoken with with Serie A side Torino about defender Perr Schuurs, who impressed in his first season in Italy after a move from Ajax. There will be natural contact between the clubs as a decision is still needed on the future of Nikola Vlasic. The Croatian scored five goals in 34 Serie A games on loan from the Hammers and Il Toro are yet to take up their option to buy. feed Several Premier League clubs could try to take advantage if Sheffield United are left needing to sell leading midfielders Sander Berge and Iliman Ndiaye this summer. Owner Prince Abdullah is seeking a sale but the situation looks set to hamper the club’s preparations for the season ahead until the process is concluded. Berge and Ndiaye both have contracts which expire in 2024 and 90min understands United could look to sell the duo this summer to ensure incoming transfer fees. Berge has long been on Fulham's radar, who tried to sign him in January and and could move again if Joao Palhinha departs. West Ham, Newcastle, Wolves and Everton have all shown previous interest in the Norway international. Everton are also among the sides interested in Ndiaye. The Toffees were unsuccessful with a January approach but are continued admirers. There is significant competition from France, however, with Marseille and Lens both alert as they each seek to strengthen ahead of next season's Champions League. Fulham and Wolves have both made opening enquiries for Sevilla winger Lucas Ocampos. The Argentine was sent back to the Spanish side after a botched loan spell with Ajax and helped them to the Europa League title, scoring in the final's penalty shootout. ✍️ Welcome to #BrentfordFC, Ji-soo Kim!The young defender signs from Seongnam on a four-year contract with a club option of an additional yearFull story ➡️ https://t.co/KkS9QEwt7V#BrentfordFC pic.twitter.com/2DZO3XVFQM Brentford fended off competition from a number of European clubs to wrap up the signing of South Korea youth international Kim Ji-soo on a four-year contract. The teenager's deal includes an optional extra year, with his stint at the Bees due to begin in their B team. Kim recently featured at the Under-20 World Cup as South Korea sealed a fourth place finish.
