PSG confident they have persuaded Kylian Mbappe to stay
May 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-confident-persuaded-kylian-mbappe-stay
Paris Saint-Germain believe they have persuaded Kylian Mbappe to stay with the club for at least two more years, 90min understands - but his mother has denied reports that an agreement in principle has been reached. The World Cup winner's contract with the Ligue 1 giants expires at the end of the season and Real Madrid have long been favourites to prise him away from the Parc des Princes. 90min revealed on Wednesday that Mbappe, after months and months of speculation, plans to announce his future plans at the end of May, but sources have confirmed that PSG are now confident that they have persuaded him to stay - for at least another two years. At the same time, sources close to Real Madrid have told 90min they also 'remain confident' of bringing Mbappe to the Santiago Bernabeu, and are relatively unconcerned by French media reports suggesting an agreement has already been reached. To throw an additional spanner into the works, Mbappe's mother, Fayza Lamari, has publicly spoken out. First posting on Twitter, she said, “There’s no agreement in principle with Paris Saint-Germain or any other club. Discussions around Kylian's future continue in great serenity to allow him to make the best choice, in the respect of all the parties." She subsequently confirmed to leading Spanish publication Marca that Real Madrid 'continues to be the first option' for Mbappe. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss mounting interest in Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. There's also updates on the contract situations of Sadio Mane, Reece James, Pep Guardiola & Kylian Mbappe, Marcus Rashford's next moves and Manchester United's interest in Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Real Madrid have refused to talk about Mbappe publicly for the majority of their pursuit, though president Florentino Perez did say after the club wrapped up a 35th La Liga title, "I hadn't thought about it [the Mbappe transfer] but now that you mention it, it might be true and so on.
