Sevilla in talks with Tottenham over Sergio Reguilon loan deal
Jul 12, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/sevilla-in-talks-with-tottenham-over-sergio-reguilon-loan-deal
Sevilla are in talks to re-sign left-back Sergio Reguilon, having previously had the player on loan during the 2019/20 campaign. Reguilon played 38 times for Sevilla during his season there and helped the club win the Europa League. Parent club Real Madrid then cashed in and he made the permanent switch to Spurs for around €30m – Manchester United were also interested. But the Spaniard’s future at Spurs has been increasingly uncertain. He was dropped midway through last season shortly after Antonio Conte was appointed manager, coinciding with the re-emergence of Ryan Sessegnon, while an injury also cut his campaign short. Fast forward to this summer and Reguilon was among a handful of players left out of the travelling squad for the pre-season tour of South Korea, with Ivan Perisic having arrived from Inter to add further competition for places. 90min understands that Sevilla are interested in having him return to Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan and talks are already underway. The 25-year-old, whose contract with Tottenham runs to 2025, has other offers from around Europe but would prefer to sign with Sevilla. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The Spanish club are initially trying to engineer a loan deal and have already freed up space in their squad by sending Sweden left-back Ludwig Augustinsson to Aston Villa until next summer.
