Ilaix Moriba considering offers from Manchester United and RB Leipzig 
Mar 5, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/ilaix-moriba-considering-offers-from-manchester-united-and-rb-leipzig
Manchester United are bracing for a battle with RB Leipzig over Barcelona prodigy Ilaix Moriba, and have already made a 'firm offer' to sign the teenager.  The Guinea-born midfielder has made an impression on Barça boss Ronald Koeman this season, working his way into the first-team set-up at Camp Nou despite only turning 18 in January.  He made his debut in the Copa Del Rey win over Cornella earlier in the year and has made three more appearances since, registering assists in La Liga games against Alaves and Sevilla.  A post shared by Ilaix Moriba (@ilaixmk) There are high hopes for the gifted youngster, but his contract is due to expire at the end of next season, and reports from Spain suggest that Barça are beginning to sweat over the prospect of losing him. Mundo Deportivo say that United and Leipzig are both switched onto the situation, and have made 'firm offers' to lure him away.  The report is pretty vague on the details, failing to clarify the nature of the offers - only that they have been made to the player's agent and not Barcelona themselves. That would suggest a deal is still some way from being complete.  Moriba is believed to be happy where he is for now. Mundo note that he recently thanked Koeman for showing trust in him, and it may be that he has every intention of penning new terms to stay with the club he has served since he was seven years old.  But it certainly seems as if United are prepared to try their luck as they look to add to their burgeoning academy ranks.  ? What a play by Ilaix Moriba! ?☠️ @FCBmasia pic.twitter.com/3j3E5SE4sf Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's team are in the midst of a comprehensive youth recruitment drive, having sanctioned expensive deals for Amad Diallo and Facundo Pellistri in the summer, and they appear to see Moriba as another potentially valuable addition. 
