Tyrell Malacia reacts to 'incredible' Man Utd move 
Jul 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/tyrell-malacia-reacts-incredible-man-utd-move
Tyrell Malacia has promised fans that he will 'leave everything on the pitch' following his move to Manchester United from Feyenoord.  Malacia became the club's first signing of the Erik ten Hag era on Wednesday, arriving from the Eredivisie side for a fee of around €15m plus add-ons.  Despite being just 22 years old, the Dutchman departs Feyenoord with plenty of experience having made just shy of 100 appearances in the league.  Speaking about his Premier League move for the first time, he said: “It’s an incredible feeling to have joined Manchester United. This is a new chapter for me, a new league with new teammates and a tremendous manager [Erik ten Hag] leading us. “I know from playing against his teams in the Eredivisie, the qualities that he has and what he demands of his players. “Whilst I know that I am still young and will continue to develop, I can promise the United fans that I will leave everything on the pitch every time I pull on the red shirt. I’ll always be thankful to Feyenoord for all they have given to me and my family. “None of this would be possible if it wasn’t for them. Now I’m ready to focus on the future with United, and help my new club achieve success.” John Murtough, Manchester United football director, added: “Tyrell is an exciting, dynamic young footballer with excellent experience for his age, including five seasons in the Eredivisie, a European final and full international honours for the Netherlands. “We look forward to seeing him continue to develop under the guidance of Erik ten Hag and his coaching team in the years ahead. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
