PSG eyeing summer move for Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier
Mar 27, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-transfer-illan-meslier-leeds-rumour
French champions Paris Saint Germain have identified Illan Meslier as a potential alternative to the Hugo Lloris, should they fail to bring in the Tottenham man this summer. Mauricio Pochettino is keen to sign a new goalkeeper to replace 34-year-old Keylor Navas, and the France and Spurs captain is the Argentine's number one target. Pochettino is in a good position to sign the Frenchman, given his working relationship and friendship with him from his time at Spurs between 2014 and 2019. But Daniel Levy will be reluctant to release one of his star players - especially his skipper. For this reason, the National (via Daily Mail) reports that PSG have identified Leeds United shot stopper Meslier as a viable second choice, should their pursuit of Lloris not come to fruition.  The 21-year old has been very impressive in his maiden season in the Premier League, facing a tough task in a side that is fairly porous defensively. The France Under-21 international, however, has still managed nine clean sheets in 28 appearances - already breaking Joe Hart's Premier League record for clean sheets by an under-21 goalkeeper (8) - and has made the most saves in the league alongside Sam Johnstone (115). His rise to form is made all the more impressive considering he was playing Ligue 2 football for Lorient in 2018/19, before helping Leeds to the top flight while on loan last campaign and making his deal permanent in the summer. ⛔️ Massive save from Illan Meslier! ⛔️The 20-year-old Frenchman denies John Lundstram from close range!Superb reactions ? pic.twitter.com/Fc7Ddi1WDU Although Meslier is valued at £15.3m by Transfermarkt, the in-form Leeds man would only leave Elland Road with a much higher price tag than that. Pochettino, though, would be in a strong position when it comes to negotiating, considering his relationship with Leeds boss Marcelo Bielsa - the PSG manager has previously described his compatriot as like a father.
