The players Man City could lose in transfer window after FFP charges
Feb 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/the-players-man-city-could-lose-in-transfer-window-after-ffp-charges
Manchester City's FFP breaches have thrown the club's short, mid and long-term future into disarray.  The extent of their financial mishaps could warrant an unprecedentedly strong punishment from the Premier League, with expulsion from the top-flight being discussed as a possibility.  Who knows what's going to happen, perhaps a slap on the wrist will suffice once City get their army of lawyers involved, but the club will not be able to turn to the Court of Arbitration for Sport for aid on this occasion. They're fighting their own battle.  Thus, with a cloud of uncertainty consuming the Etihad, the possibility of a mass exodus this summer can't be completely ruled out. Here are a few players Man City could lose as a result of their FFP breaches.  Ilkay Gundogan's contract at the Etihad expires in the summer, and the German has been linked with a move to Catalonia. While recent reports suggest he could pen an extension with City, this situation has undoubtedly thrown a spanner in the works.While it's hard to envisage a final decision regarding the club's punishment being made anytime soon, such doubt could convince Gundogan to move on while he can.The sunshine of Barcelona is calling his name, and the German international could ride off into the sunset as the chaos unfolds in Manchester.   Another protagonist amid City's dominance, Bernardo Silva has flirted with the idea of joining Barcelona for a couple of years now. However, the Catalans' crippling finances have prevented the move from transpiring. Silva, who continues to impress despite City's issues, would be a huge loss given his importance in helping City retain possession under pressure and getting them up the pitch. But, Pep's side are in need of a refresh this summer and Bernardo could depart in favour of fresh blood. Should Barça retain their interest, it's likely they won't have to pay what's been reported in recent transfer windows. 
