Newcastle Set to Make Decision on Fringe Players Jacob Murphy & Daniel Barlaser
Sep 11, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-set-to-make-decision-on-fringe-players-jacob-murphy-daniel-barlaser
Newcastle are set to decide the futures of Dan Murphy and Dan Barlaser for the coming season, as they consider loaning them out once again. The Magpies pair, who are 25 and 23 respectively, are waiting to see where they are in Steve Bruce's plans ahead of the new season. ? Media duties for Steve Bruce and our three new recruits this afternoon!#NUFC ⚫️⚪️ pic.twitter.com/kVzS02BxdV Both players spent last season away from the north east, with Murphy sent to Sheffield Wednesday and Barlaser loaned to Rotherham. Speaking to The Chronicle, Bruce said: “We have to make big decisions on the two young ones: Jacob Murphy and Dan Barlaser. They have both done OK. I have to make a decision, are they going to get game time? And if they aren't then we will have to let them out again. They have done very well.” Newcastle have made a string of key signings this summer, as they strengthen their squad for the new season. Ryan Fraser and Callum Wilson both arrived from Bournemouth, while Jamal Lewis joined the Magpies from Norwich City. Murphy signed for Newcastle in 2017, but has struggled for game time on Tyneside. The winger has made 41 appearances yet could be facing his third loan spell away from the club, having enjoyed stints at West Bromwich Albion and Wednesday previously. If Murphy does go out on loan this season, it would be the ninth loan spell of his career. He was loaned out six times by former club Norwich, having risen through the Canaries’ academy setup before moving up to St. James’ Park.  Meanwhile, Barlaser is a youth product of Newcastle - joining when he was just nine - but it sounds as though he could be facing a permanent exit. Since making his senior Magpies debut in January 2017, the 23-year-old has mustered a total of just three appearances, the same number of loans he has been on.  Bruce said of Barlaser: “He's not 19 anymore so does he stay with us and have a career, or does he have to move on and find a career? Those are the conversations I have to have in the next three weeks.”
