MLS transfer roundup: Busy day of deals & contracts for Colorado Rapids
Jan 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/mls-transfer-roundup-busy-day-colorado-rapids
We're just over a month away from the start of the 2022 MLS season and the transfer market is getting really busy. Wednesday was particularly hectic. On top of Charlotte FC and FC Dallas making bids for DC United winger Paul Arriola - as reported by 90min - and Inter Miami signing Colombian Emerson Rodriguez, there was a host of comings and goings, as well as a long list of contract renewals. Fear not, 90min has you covered with a roundup of all the business. Welcome to the Mile High City!✍️ We've signed Honduran midfielder Bryan Acosta to a two-year deal with a club option for an additional season. As one Acosta (Kellyn) leaves for LAFC, another arrives with the Colorado Rapids signing Honduran midfielder Bryan Acosta in the MLS Re-Entry Draft through 2023.The 28-year-old had spent the last three seasons with FC Dallas, contributing two goals and five assists in 60 appearances, and has 51 caps for his country to date.“We’re delighted to bring a player of Bryan’s quality to Colorado,” Rapids executive vice president and general manager Padraig Smith said in a release. “Bryan is a dynamic midfielder with experience within our league and at an international level. His power, technical play and ability on both sides of the ball will be an asset to our midfield. We look forward to welcoming him to our group ahead of the new season.”Acosta will add some more depth to the Rapids' midfield group following the departure of his namesake and Cole Bassett who, as revealed by 90min, is set to join Feyenoord. Oh Captain! Our Captain!@jacko_8 ain't going nowhere, we've signed him through 2024 ?#Rapids96 It wasn't just transfers that kept the Rapids busy on Wednesday. The 2021 Western Conference leaders tied down four key players to new deals as well.Club captain Jack Price, fellow midfielder Mark-Anthony Kaye, full-back Keegan Rosenberry, and center-back Danny Wilson all committed their future to the club.Price and Wilson signed through 2024 with club options for two further years thereafter, Rosenberry through 2024 with an option for 2025, and Kaye through 2025 with an option for 2026.Though Robin Fraser has open DP spots to play with, keeping the majority of his core group together will be just as vital if he's to build on the success of last season. NEWS: #OrlandoCity signs defender Rodrigo Schlegel to new contract.More Details ✍️ https://t.co/AJeme9b2n8#VamosOrlando pic.twitter.com/abMlufB8Vo Orlando City also moved to tie down an important utility piece, with defender Rodrigo Schlegel signing a new deal through 2023 with club options on the following two seasons.The 24-year-old Argentine has played the majority of his minutes for Orlando City at center-back and has filled in at full-back too. Most famously, he donned the goalkeeper gloves in a penalty shootout during the Lions' 2020 MLS Cup Playoffs win over NYCFC“Rodrigo has proven to everyone over the last couple years that he is a player who will give everything for Orlando and his dedication to everyone involved with the Club is incredible,” general manager and executive vice president of soccer operations Luiz Muzzi said in a release.“Rodrigo has shown continuous growth both on and off the field since joining us and ensuring that he’s with us for the next few years is another important step towards accomplishing our ultimate goals for this organization.”
