Alexis Mac Allister set for Premier League stay after Brighton exit
Apr 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/alexis-mac-allister-set-for-premier-league-stay-after-brighton-exit
Alexis Mac Allister is set to stay in the Premier League this summer should his expected move away from Brighton & Hove Albion go ahead, sources have told 90min. The 24-year-old midfielder, who signed a new long-term contract earlier this season, has publicly denied reports that he intends to leave the Amex Stadium this summer, but his representatives, including his father Carlos, are working hard on finding his next club. Liverpool, who are ready to bring in up to three new midfielders this summer, are leading the chase, but 90min understands that Tottenham, Chelsea and Newcastle have all registered their interest in Mac Allister. Manchester City and Manchester United are also understood to be monitoring his situation. Brighton CEO Paul Barber told talkSPORT on Monday that the Seagulls 'don't know' what the summer will bring in regards to Mac Allister's future, but crucially stopped short of ruling out a departure for the 24-year-old. feed Indeed, 90min understands that Brighton, who have been left agitated behind the scenes at his desire to move on, will allow Mac Allister to depart under the right conditions like they have done over the past 18 months for Marc Cucurella, Ben White and Leandro Trossard. But a deal may need to be worth in excess of £70m to persuade Brighton to sell their World Cup winner - a price that is likely to rule out a move away from the Premier League and instead leave Mac Allister eyeing up a switch to one of the division's perceived 'big six'. As far as Mac Allister's father is concerned, he is adamant a transfer is in the offing this summer, remarking again to Argentine media at the weekend that he expects a deal to be done. "The next phase of his career will pass and he will be playing within another institution, we don't know which one as the talking are just beginning in general but most likely by next month," he told Argentine outlet Ole. "From July he will be playing for another team."
