Leeds owner admits Raphinha sale to Chelsea was 'done'
Aug 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-owner-admits-raphinha-sale-to-chelsea-was-done
Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani has admitted he believed winger Raphinha was joining Chelsea before 'Barcelona influences' took the winger to Camp Nou instead. Chelsea agreed a £65m fee with Leeds but the 25-year-old Brazilian delayed a commitment to the Blues in favour of waiting for Barcelona's offer, which arrived a few days later, and he eventually got the move he truly wanted. Speaking to The Athletic, Radrizzani confessed that he wanted to sell to Chelsea and had already agreed a deal with Blues owner Todd Boehly, only to have to pull out of talks later down the line. "For me, it was done, and when I have a deal my word is my word," the Leeds chief said. "I felt ashamed to go back to Todd Boehly and change my position." He added: “We had interest from Arsenal, from Tottenham and from Chelsea and from Barcelona. The best deal we agreed was with Chelsea. At the end, the deal which came up with Barcelona was pretty much the same, the way we structured it at the very end. But it took time. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! “We made the deal with Chelsea because the player wanted to go and he was open to listening to offers from Premier League clubs. Chelsea was his favourable [option]. “But unfortunately, let’s say Barcelona influences convinced the player to wait, to wait, to wait until they could find a solution. This shows again the power and the leverage players and their agents have in the system, which for me is exaggerated, too much. We do a lot of investment to build clubs. We invest hundreds of millions but all the power it seems to be [with] agents and representatives of these players.”
