Chelsea considering summer move for Manchester City's Sergio Aguero
Mar 18, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-summer-move-manchester-city-sergio-aguero
Chelsea are keeping a close eye on Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero, whose contract at the Etihad Stadium is set to expire at the end of the season. The 32-year-old, who has battled injuries for the majority of this season, is yet to hold talks over a new deal with City and has been heavily linked with a free transfer to Barcelona once his deal runs out. Well, according to the Daily Mail, the striker may have another team on his tail as Chelsea are understood to be weighing up a surprise move for Aguero. The Argentine is said to be keen to remain in the Premier League next season - The Times say he is open to joining another English side - and it's that desire which has piqued the interest of long-term admirers Chelsea, who are one of the few sides who could actually finance such a deal. It was the Blues who were initially expected to bring Aguero over to England in the first place. Back in 2009, they were chasing a £40m deal for the Atletico Madrid youngster, only for City to swoop in, flex their financial muscle and get a deal done. That was when Aguero was 21 years old. He's now 32, and given Chelsea's sketchy track record when it comes to signing older players, there have to be a few eyebrows raised at this link. Is it ridiculous? No, not at all. Chelsea want a proven goalscorer to boost their forward line next season, and few come with the same Premier League pedigree as Aguero, who has 181 goals in 271 appearances in the English top flight. We've seen the Blues are prepared to break their transfer strategy for older players if the right deal is out there. They brought in a 35-year-old Thiago Silva last summer because he was available on a free transfer, so the idea of them doing something similar with Aguero can't be ruled out. However, it's unlikely that Aguero will be Chelsea's top target. In fact, Thomas Tuchel's side are probably in exactly the same boat as Barcelona, who see Aguero as a potential alternative to dream signing Erling Haaland.
