Joan Laporta suggests Barcelona turned down Cristiano Ronaldo in favour of Robert Lewandowski
Jul 29, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/joan-laporta-suggests-barcelona-turned-down-cristiano-ronaldo-in-favour-of-robert-lewandowski
Barcelona club president Joan Laporta has suggested that they were offered the chance to sign Cristiano Ronaldo, but instead pushed ahead with a move for Robert Lewandowski. Ronaldo is seeking an exit from Manchester United in order to play Champions League football for the upcoming season. He has recently been linked with moves to Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Atletico Madrid, but all have distanced themselves from such reports. The 37-year-old was also touted as a potential target for Barcelona, and speaking to CBS Sports, Laporta seemed to hint that Ronaldo was indeed offered to the Blaugrana by agent Jorge Mendes. When asked if it was true Barça prioritised Lewandowski's signing over that of Ronaldo's, Laporta replied: "Well, this type of story is all within the process of the summer window. There always appears a lot of news. "But in the end the truth is we wanted Lewandowski. We have a very good relationship with Jorge Mendes. I have known him for a long time. He is one of the best player agents. He knows how to do his job and I respect him. "In this case, we decided to go for Lewandowski and knew he was crucial to our success. So we went to Bayern instead. This is the reality. The other [Ronaldo] topic is just part of the 'little history' of football. It's a very nice story, but you will always hear lots of contradictory news about it." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona signing Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
