Transfer rumours: Messi's huge Saudi Arabia offer; Arsenal & Bayern battle for Vlahovic
Jan 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-messi-huge-saudi-arabia-offer-arsenal-bayern-vlahovic-13-01-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Lionel Messi is expected to be offered a whopping £245m-a-year move to Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal, the rivals of Cristiano Ronaldo's Al Nassr, if he does not extend his contract with Paris Saint-Germain. (Mundo Deportivo) The French side are braced for the departure of another forward, Pablo Sarabia, after accepting a bid from Wolverhampton Wanderers. (AS) Chelsea are considering lodging an offer for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo as they look for alternatives to Benfica's Enzo Fernandez. (The Guardian) Arsenal have reignited their interest in Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic, who is understood to be valued at around £98m. (LA Repubblica) The Gunners aren't alone in their chase of Vlahovic, however, with Bayern Munich the latest side to register their desire to sign the Serbia international. (TuttoJuve) Manchester United are prepared to sell Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Donny van de Beek this month, while Harry Maguire and Fred will both me made available in the summer in an attempt to fund a spending spree. (The Telegraph) Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Chelsea’s hectic transfer strategy, which includes a loan move for Joao Felix and interest in Romeo Lavia and Marcus Thuram among others, Man Utd’s pursuit of Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, Leandro Trossard’s Brighton future and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast!  Joao Cancelo is attracting interest from across Europe after losing his place under Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. (The Telegraph) Eintracht Frankfurt centre-back Evan N'Dicka is emerging as one of the most wanted players in Europe, with Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Man Utd and PSG all in the race to sign the Frenchman. (Ben Jacobs) A number of Premier League sides, including Tottenham, are interested in signing Villarreal forward Arnaut Danjuma, who is available on loan this month. (The Daily Mail)
