Inter open talks to swap Alexis Sanchez for Roma's Edin Dzeko
Jan 28, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-swap-alexis-sanchez-roma-edin-dzeko-transfer
Inter are in talks with Roma over a possible swap deal which would see them give up Chilean forward Alexis Sanchez in exchange for Edin Dzeko. Dzeko is expected to leave the Italian capital this month after a monumental fall-out with Roma boss Paulo Fonseca, with the Bosnian ordered to train by himself until a buyer can be found. Long-term admirers Juventus were quickly named as potential suitors, but according to Fabrizio Romano, Inter have now joined the race for Dzeko's signature and have offered up Sanchez in exchange. It's stressed that negotiations are far from complete and there's obviously no certainty that this deal will go through, but it appears as though both sides are open to the idea of doing business before the transfer window closes. Dzeko is believed to have rejected advances from both West Ham and Fenerbahce, instead waiting for a more glamorous offer. Corriere dello Sport claim that his agent has offered him to both Manchester United and Manchester City, but neither side seemed particularly interested. The 34-year-old bagged 16 goals in Serie A last year and has followed that up with seven in 15 appearances so far this year, maintaining his reputation as one of the league's most deadly strikers - something which cannot be said for Sanchez. After making his loan move to Inter permanent during the summer, Sanchez has played backup to the starting pair of Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez, while injuries have prevented him from staking any real claim at a starting role. In Lukaku and Martinez, Inter have one of the most prolific duos in Serie A, but concerns over the lack of firepower behind them have long been suggested as a major problem. Right-backs Achraf Hakimi and Danilo D'Ambrosio are the side's third and fourth top scorers, with Sanchez tied for fifth. In his 12 appearances this year, Sanchez has bagged just two goals, and his lack of form has forced manager Antonio Conte to continue his search for a backup striker.
