Edu outlines Arsenal transfer strategy after Fabio Vieira capture
Jun 21, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/edu-outlines-arsenal-transfer-strategy-fabio-vieira-capture
Arsenal technical director Edu has outlined the club's transfer strategy this summer following the arrival of Fabio Vieira from FC Porto. The attacking midfielder became the Gunners' second new signing of the window on Tuesday after the capture of 19-year-old Brazilian Marquinhos from Sao Paulo earlier this month. At 22, Vieira represents another youthful signing. Asked whether that trend might continue in an interview with Arsenal's official website, Edu - who oversees the club's transfer dealings - revealed: “One hundred per cent. That has to be Arsenal. “We have to go into the market for exciting players with the right age, right attitude and right mentality. We want to see a club like Arsenal with a young squad, an exciting squad with a big, big future because as I said last summer, the idea is to have a young squad. We want to give them the opportunity to play together for two, three, four, five or six seasons. “We still have a lot to do but we are really excited to start the season with the players we target and the players we want to sign.” Arsenal spent big last summer on the likes of Ben White and Martin Odegaard and had a decent success rate with their new signings as they enjoyed a much-improved season, returning to European football with fifth-placed finish in the Premier League. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Raheem Sterling & Gabriel Jesus' futures, Chelsea's interest in Jules Kounde & Robert Lewandowski plus Man Utd's Frenkie de Jong pursuit. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Edu continued: “This summer is just the consequence of what we've been working on a lot, to try to find the best players, the best targets.
