Lionel Messi reveals when he will decide his future
Dec 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/lionel-messi-reveals-when-he-will-decide-his-future-transfer
Lionel Messi has confirmed that he will not make a decision on his future until the end of the season, while teasing that he would be open to moving to MLS. Messi's Barcelona contract expires in the summer, meaning he is free to discuss a free transfer with clubs outside of Spain in January. Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain have both been strongly linked, although Barça remain hopeful of convincing the six-time Ballon d'Or winner to remain at the club beyond the end of the season.  Giving a television interview, as rare as it was extensive, with La Sexta presenter Jordi Evolve, Messi said that he would not enter negotiations with any club before the summer.  "I have nothing clear until the end of the year. I will wait for the end of the season," he said. "If I would not be breaking what I told you now, the important thing is to think about the team. Finish the year, think about trying to get titles and not be distracted by other things." Messi discussed a range of other topics during the interview, including his relationship with ex-president Josep Maria Bartomeu, while also indicating that he does not see himself becoming a coach when he retires - suggesting that a future sporting director role was more likely. He also hinted that even if he did stick around at Barcelona beyond the end of the season, he is likely to move to a non-Spanish club at some point in the future, perhaps in the United States.  "I've always had the dream of playing in another league, in United States. Maybe it will happen, it doesn't have to be right away. Today I am just focused on these next six months," he added.  Messi went on to offer fans a glimpse behind the curtain at Barça. It has been a tumultuous 12 months for the crisis club, both on and off the pitch. However, he insisted that morale was slowly improving in the dressing room under new manager Ronald Koeman. 
