Ryan Gravenberch reveals transfer plans amid Liverpool interest
Jun 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ryan-gravenberch-reveals-transfer-plans-liverpool-interest
Liverpool target Ryan Gravenberch has insisted that he intends to leave Bayern Munich if he isn't guaranteed game time next season. The midfielder signed for Bayern during the 2022 summer transfer window for a reported €18m and, despite being highly-regarded, has largely been a peripheral figure at the club ever since. During his maiden campaign in Bavaria, Gravenberch was restricted to a measly three Bundesliga starts as the club won their 11th consecutive league title. Speaking to De Telegraaf about his frustrating first season at Bayern Munich, Gravenberch revealed that he would want to leave the club this summer if he isn't guaranteed more game time. "I had expected that I would get more chances and minutes than I eventually got. I had done very good preparation and thought I deserved it," he said. "I just want to play more, preferably at Bayern Munich. And otherwise at a club where I play 100 percent. That's my preference. Because I don't want to have another year like the one I've had now. One like that. One season is good, I really learned a lot. But I just want to play football." Despite this lack of playing time, 90min understands that the player has garnered plenty of interest from Premier League clubs heading into the summer transfer window. Most notably, Liverpool have registered their keenness to sign Gravenberch this summer, with the Netherlands international making their long list of midfield targets. feed 90min reported back in April that the Reds are interest in a loan deal for the midfielder, and that remains the case. Liverpool's preference to sign the player on loan, however, has stalled any progress on a potential move to Anfield as Bayern are keen to sell the player outright if they allow him to leave this summer.  Sources have confirmed that West Ham United, Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur are keeping an eye on Gravenberch's situation too but, as things stand, the player prefers a move to Liverpool. 
