West Ham reach £30m agreement with Man Utd for Harry Maguire
Aug 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-reach-30m-agreement-man-utd-harry-maguire
Manchester United have agreed to sell Harry Maguire to West Ham United for a £30m fee, sources have confirmed to 90min. The England international was removed from his position as club captain last month, with Bruno Fernandes taking over the role at Old Trafford. 90min revealed on Monday that West Ham had made a £30m bid for Maguire with his long-term future at United uncertain, but the bid was turned down at the time. Part of the reason why United knocked back this offer was the belief that the Hammers would be unable to satisfy Maguire's wage demands, but after West Ham informed the Red Devils on Wednesday their willingness to amend their contract offer to the centre-back, the two clubs have come to an agreement. Though Maguire has not been 100% convinced of leaving Man Utd this transfer window, 90min understands he is open to a move and it looks likely that he will now accept West Ham's offer. feed Should Maguire complete a move to London Stadium, United will make a £50m loss on the 30-year-old following his world-record move from Leicester City in 2019 which made him the most expensive defender in football history. Maguire fell out of favour under Erik ten Hag last season, with Lisandro Martinez displacing him from the starting lineup and often featuring alongside Raphael Varane. Victor Lindelof has also usurped Maguire in the pecking order, with Luke Shaw also preferred in a central role at times. West Ham remain interested in Man Utd midfielder Scott McTominay, who was also the subject of a £30m bid this week, but the Red Devils are continuing to hold out for a higher fee for the Scotland international. Ajax's Edson Alvarez is close to finalising a move to east London, - he's undergone a medical and is set to pen a five-year deal - while West Ham have also agreed to pay Southampton £30m for their captain James Ward-Prowse - a move that may prevent an improved offer being made for McTominay.
