Erik ten Hag close to finalising agreement with Manchester United 
Apr 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/erik-ten-hag-close-to-finalising-agreement-with-manchester-united
Erik ten Hag is close to finalising terms to become Manchester United's new permanent manager, sources have confirmed to 90min. Ten Hag emerged as United's first choice last week, as 90min confirmed, and talks began over sealing his long-term contract with the Old Trafford giants. Current club Ajax will not stand in his way. However, Ajax have told Ten Hag's representatives and their United counterparts that they want the situation finalised sooner rather than later - and that could mean the finishing touches are put on the deal this week. 90min confirmed last week that United's plan on having their new manager confirmed by Easter was on course, and sources on both sides insist that remains the case. However, Ajax face PSV Eindhoven in the KNVB Cup final this coming weekend, and the club are anxious for the situation around Ten Hag to not prove a distraction around such a crucial fixture. Sources close to Ten Hag's camp insist that they are not making any huge or unusual demands  and that they are pleased with how talks are progressing - insisting it is only finer details that are being "ironed out". They also dismissed claims that the 52-year-old is looking to take control of huge parts of the club - including transfers. They insist that Ten Hag believes the sporting director - or similar in United's case - model is the best way forward for the club, though the Dutchman is expected to be consulted on any major deals. Crucially, United do not have an issue with this. One area for discussion is the role of both technical director Darren Fletcher and current interim manager Ralf Rangnick, who was offered a consultancy role when being appointed initially late last year. Ten Hag has no issue with either Fletcher or Rangnick, but wants more detail of how they fit into the system and their involvement going forward.
