Chelsea receive Lyon & AC Milan offers for Christian Pulisic
Jul 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-receive-lyon-ac-milan-offers-christian-pulisic
AC Milan and Lyon have both made bids for Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic, 90min understands. Pulisic has entered the final year of his contract at Stamford Bridge and is one of a number of players who are allowed to leave the club this summer. Chelsea have already raised over £200m through sales this window and the Blues hope to take that figure closer to £300m by the end of it. There has been interest in Pulisic from across Europe. Teams in Germany, Spain and Turkey have all voiced an interest in the 24-year-old, but sources have confirmed to 90min that it is Milan and Lyon who have made the first formal moves. The two clubs are both keen to sign Pulisic on a permanent deal this summer and are now in talks with Chelsea, who are braced for a significant loss on the £58m they paid to sign the American from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. Interest from Milan has been more prominent in recent weeks and the Serie A side are understood to believe Pulisic would prioritise a move to San Siro this summer. feed For Milan, Pulisic is particularly valuable as his Croatian passport means he would not need to take up one of their limited non-EU player spots in their squad. Ruben Loftus-Cheek, who joined from Chelsea last week, has taken up their last available place. Pulisic has spoken openly this summer about his desire for a fresh start, recently confessing to ESPN that he is looking to rediscover his happiness on a football pitch. "I need to figure out what’s going to be best for my future and be somewhere where I can go and play and be trusted and feel good in what I’m doing," he admitted. "I want to find that joy at a club level again, for sure." Since his expensive move from Dortmund, Pulisic has struggled with both injuries and form. He has managed 145 appearances for Chelsea, racking up 26 goals and 21 assists, and now appears set for a fresh start elsewhere.
