4 moves Chelsea need to make in the January transfer window
Dec 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/4-moves-chelsea-need-to-make-in-the-january-transfer-window
Chelsea moved their rebuild into hyperdrive in the summer by splashing out in excess of £200m to add some of Europe's premier talents to their squad. Timo Werner, Kai Havertz, Ben Chilwell, Hakim Ziyech, Thiago Silva and Edouard Mendy all rocked up at Stamford Bridge, and while the Blues are definitely looking better this season than last, there's still some work to do. Let's take a look at some moves Chelsea need to make in January. With injuries hitting Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi in recent weeks, Chelsea's lack of real depth out wide has been seriously exposed.Christian Pulisic is the only other natural winger in the squad, and just because Timo Werner and Kai Havertz can play out there doesn't mean they should.Chelsea don't need a new starter, but they need somebody capable of filling in when needed to ensure the squad isn't so depleted when injuries hit. There's nobody who can really replace N'Golo Kante, but Chelsea have literally nobody capable of filling in for the Frenchman.Jorginho is the closest thing, and while he's not the worst defender, he's not the kind of guy you'd happily give defensive responsibilities. The Blues are targeting Declan Rice for obvious reasons, but if the West Ham man isn't available in January. Chelsea need a short-term fix. Frank Lampard's side are just one injury away from falling apart. Chelsea currently have three left-backs on the books in Ben Chilwell, Marcos Alonso and Emerson, but there's a good chance that Chilwell might be the only one of the trio still at the club by the time we hit February.It's clear to see that neither Alonso not Emerson feature in the long-term plans at the Bridge, so Lampard needs to find someone who is. Again, they don't need to be elite, but somebody capable of filling in if Chilwell needs a rest.Cesar Azpilicueta can do a good job if needed, but he's not a natural left-back and shouldn't be relied upon to cover both sides of the defence.
