Kylian Mbappe confirms Liverpool talks before signing new PSG contract
May 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/kylian-mbappe-confirms-liverpool-talks-before-new-psg-contract
Kylian Mbappe has confirmed that he held talks with Liverpool before opting to extend his stay at Paris Saint-Germain until 2025. After a lengthy saga, Mbappe finally made a decision on his future last week - rejecting Real Madrid's advances in favour of remaining in Paris. Real, who also missed out on signing him last summer, had long been confident of securing a deal, but they were not the only team with an interest in prising the forward away from PSG. Indeed, in an interview with The Times, Mbappe revealed that he also held talks with Liverpool. "We talked a little bit, but not too much. We talked a little bit," he said.  Mbappe added that he also spoke with the Reds before his initial transfer to PSG in 2017, and revealed his mother's fondness of the club. "I talked to Liverpool because it’s the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don’t know why, you will have to ask her! It’s a good club and we met them five years ago. When I was in Monaco I met them. It’s a big club," he went on to say.  "Of course, it was between Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain in the end." Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On this week's episode the trio discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Robert Lewandowski and Bayern Munich, Raphinha and Steven Gerrard's desire to reunite with Luis Suarez at Aston Villa. Although initial talks were held the chances of Liverpool ever financing a deal for Mbappe are remote, although he did assert that money does not motivate him.  "Every time people talk to me, I talk about football, I talk about titles, I talk about big games. I never talk about money," he claimed.  "People can talk about whatever they want. But everyone who knows me... when I talked to Real Madrid, I talked to Paris Saint-Germain and I never talked money. 
