Cristiano Ronaldo claims the 'truth' will be revealed in an interview in two weeks
Aug 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/cristiano-ronaldo-claims-the-truth-will-be-revealed-in-an-interview-in-two-weeks
Cristiano Ronaldo has promised to reveal the ‘truth’ about his future in an interview coming in the next couple of weeks, claiming the media is ‘telling lies’. Ronaldo asked Manchester United to consider offers for him earlier this summer and was later granted an extended holiday for family reasons that saw the 37-year-old superstar missed almost all of pre-season. Since his return, he hasn’t been able to lift a struggling team. Erik ten Hag was initially keen on keeping Ronaldo, who scored 24 goals in all competitions last season and still has a year to run on his contract. But 90min revealed on Tuesday that the boss is finally willing to sanction an exit in the best interest of the whole squad. Ronaldo was replying to an Instagram post by a fan account when he said: “They know the truth when they interview in a couple weeks. The media is telling lies. I have a notebook and in the last few months of the 100 news I made, only 5 were right. Imagine how it is. Stick with that tip.” Two weeks will mark the end of the summer transfer window, which suggests that Ronaldo will look to set the record straight once it is known where he will be playing his football this season. Listen now to 90min's Manchester United podcast, The Promised Land, with Scott Saunders & Rob Blanchette. In the latest edition they discuss Matheus Cunha, is he worth £50m? Plus Cristiano Ronaldo, the Moises Caicedo links, defeat at Brentford, Erik ten Hag and more. Gary Neville recently called out his former Manchester United teammate for not publicly addressing his future and has again criticised for Ronaldo for delaying his interview by two weeks, suggesting he has the power to drag United out their current hole. “Why does the greatest player of all time (in my opinion) have to wait two weeks to tell Manchester United fans the truth?” Neville questioned on Twitter.
