The Players Real Madrid Should Look to Sell This Summer
Aug 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/the-players-real-madrid-should-look-to-sell-this-summer
Even the mighty and mythical Real Madrid have felt the pinch of the coronavirus pandemic.  The newly crowned La Liga champions have made some attempts at drifting away from solely dealing in the signings of galácticos in recent seasons - instead, buying and then benching a bevvy of Spain's most promising young players. However, the economic consequences of games behind closed doors - not to mention the eye-watering sums sunk into the (unnecessary) redevelopment of the Santiago Bernabéu stadium - has forced the Spanish behemoths to focus on outs rather than ins this summer.  Real Madrid are crowned La Liga champions! ? pic.twitter.com/gt0mAsDqlk Madrid may have won ten consecutive La Liga matches to dethrone a flailing Barcelona post-lockdown, but Zinedine Zidane's squad has its fair share of expendable assets.  Marcelo may still have an impressive burst of speed every now and then but no-one can outrun time. The 32-year-old was never the most diligent defender when it came to tracking back and his ambles towards his own goal became even more laboured - when he hasn't been injured - during 2019/20.25-year-old Ferland Mendy has made a compelling case to be the side's first-choice left-back and Marcelo's departure would open up space in the squad for the highly sought-after Sergio Reguilón to return and battle for a place in the starting XI.  Potential Destination: JuventusPotential Price: £10m Gareth Bale's reaction to Real Madrid's fifth substitution not being him last night is just priceless! ?pic.twitter.com/5gYsfhXAEM With Gareth Bale seemingly bound to the bench, there is little doubt that Real Madrid will be desperate to rid themselves of his seismic salary. Yet, convincing the Wales international to part ways two years before his contract expires may prove to be impossible. Last summer Bale was a whisker away from joining Chinese Super League side Jiangsu Suning only for Madrid to demand a fee which ultimately derailed the deal. Madrid would surely be willing forgo any compensation 12 months on but may be forced to endure Bale's repertoire from the stands for some time to come. Potential Destination: Jiangsu SuningPotential Price: £0m Luka Modric has enjoyed eight trophy-laden seasons at Madrid but Zidane may be tempted to sell the Croatian icon while he can still garner a fee. Modric's contract expires in the summer of 2021 and if he were to end his stay in the Spanish capital, the likes of Fede Valverde, Isco and perhaps even the returning loanee Dani Ceballos could fill his accomplished shoes in midfield. Potential Destination: InterPotential Price: £15m Zidane's trusted utility man Lucas Vázquez was one of Madrid's unsung heroes throughout their trio of Champions League triumphs. This season the versatile 29-year-old has been used both on the wing and at right-back. In his absence, Madrid can turn to Álvaro Odriozola as cover for Dani Carvajal while there are at least four options for Zidane on the flanks. Tottenham Hotspur are among the clubs interested in the ever-dependable Vázquez. Potential Destination: Tottenham HotspurPotential Price: £5m James Rodriguez's Real Madrid career is effectively over. So where next? ?‍♂️ Six years after finishing the 2014 World Cup as top scorer, James Rodríguez - still only 29 - has plummeted down Madrid's pecking order. The Colombian playmaker showed some flashes of his obvious talent while on loan at Bayern Munich but Zidane has effectively ruled him out of contention for a regular starting berth. Potential Destination: Atlético MadridPotential Price: £20m The 21-year-old forward has desperately struggled for first-team opportunities since his January move to the Spanish capital in 2019. Díaz has played less than an hour of football in La Liga this season. While a loan move seems more likely, Madrid may want to try and recoup the £15m they splashed out for the former Manchester City youngster. Potential Destination: Real Betis, AC MilanPotential Price: £15m
