Football transfer rumours: Onana's agent meets with Man Utd; Rice's preferred destination
Jun 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-onana-man-utd-rice-23-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... The agent of Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana is in England to discuss a potential move to Manchester United this summer. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Manchester United are also making headway in their pursuit of Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, with belief growing that the two sides will agree on a fee of around £60m. (Daily Mirror) Another player likely to leave Chelsea is Romelu Lukaku, with Milan looking to beat rivals Inter to the Belgium striker. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona head coach Xavi is 'desperate' to bring Tottenham outcast Giovani Lo Celso to the club due to a previous recommendation from Lionel Messi. (AS) Declan Rice would prefer to join Arsenal this summer despite Manchester City's advancing interest in his services. (Guardian) Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta views Rice as a future club captain. (Daily Mail) Chelsea are still planning a move for Brighton's Moises Caicedo, but are looking to sell a few players before submitting a bid. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Real Madrid and Liverpool are weighing up moves for Fenerbahce and Turkey starlet Arda Guler this summer. (AS) Barcelona have not given up hope of signing Ivan Fresneda from Real Valladolid despite reports claiming he is closing in on a move to Borussia Dortmund. The 18-year-old was previously a target for Arsenal. (MARCA) Tottenham are now the firm frontrunners in the race to sign James Maddison from Leicester as Newcastle are pushing ahead with other plans this summer. (Guardian) Newcastle could make audacious moves to sign two other Serie A stars once Sandro Tonali's move is complete - Juventus' Federico Chiesa and Milan's Theo Hernandez. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Liverpool are also believed to be interested in Chiesa. (Gazzetta dello Sport)
