Football transfer rumours: Why Maguire's Man Utd exit collapsed; Liverpool's six midfielder targets
Aug 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-maguire-man-utd-liverpool-16-8-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... West Ham have called off their move for Harry Maguire despite agreeing a £30m fee with Manchester United. The England defender wanted a severance payment of around £7m in order to depart Old Trafford and accept a lower wage packet at London Stadium. (Guardian) Manchester United would have needed to sign a replacement for Maguire had he chose to leave but they would have been left short of time to do so this window. (The Athletic) Despite reports suggesting otherwise, Everton have not received a bid from Manchester United for midfielder Amadou Onana, though would demand a huge transfer fee in order to sell the Belgian. (Liverpool Echo) Chelsea have agreed a £58m fee with Southampton for Romeo Lavia as Todd Boehly's spending during his time as owner nears the £1bn mark. (The Athletic) Manchester City will ramp up their interest in Jeremy Doku once they formalise a new bid for Lucas Paqueta. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Barcelona recently knocked back an approach from Manchester City for 16-year-old wonderkid Lamine Yamal. City had planned to loan him out to Barca's Catalan neighbours Girona. (Mundo Deportivo) Al Nassr are exploring a shock move for Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson, who is believed to be open to a move to Saudi Arabia. (Foot Mercato) In terms of incomings, Liverpool are believed to have a six-player shortlist to fill their hole in defensive midfield after losing out on Romeo Lavia and Moises Caicedo to Chelsea. Fulham's Joao Palhinha and Crystal Palace's Cheick Doucoure are towards the top of that list. (Daily Mail) Real Madrid are eyeing Arsenal centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes as a replacement for Eder Militao, who recently sustained an ACL injury. (PL Brasil) Tottenham plan to sell Eric Dier and bring in a new centre-back and star midfielder before the end of the transfer window. (Football Insider)
