Transfer Deadline Day - AS IT HAPPENED: Sabitzer, Jorginho, Fernandez & more
Feb 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-deadline-day-live-sabitzer-jorginho-fernandez
Deadline Day's frantic action was delivered in a two-part 90min transfer live blog. There were plenty of thrills, spills and deals early in the day, all of which can be found in more detail by clicking the below link. From 5pm onwards it was non-stop breaking news and moves being completed around Europe - here's how everything unfolded... Benfica have confirmed Chelsea have parted with a cool €121m to sign Enzo Fernandez. In the building. 📍#AcédIt ♠️ | #FFC pic.twitter.com/hwzCXeryhp Cedric Soares has joined Fulham on loan from Arsenal until the remainder of the season. Onuachu announced! ✅ pic.twitter.com/ODIYHSkKGG It didn't take long! That's Southampton done for the night with the signing of Paul Onuachu from Genk. Saint Sulemana 😇 pic.twitter.com/Ty1H2fYeI1 One down for Southampton, who have landed winger Kamaldeen Sulemana from Rennes. Will Paul Onuachu follow? Marcel Sabitzer has sealed his six-month loan to Manchester United from Bayern Munich. It's a straight loan with no option to buy. Shane Duffy has completed a permanent move to Fulham from Brighton. 𝐌𝐚𝐫𝐜 𝐀𝐥𝐛𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐨𝐧 𝐢𝐬 𝐚 𝐁𝐚𝐠𝐠𝐢𝐞! 💙🤍 pic.twitter.com/Rtyc47o8Fr The move we were all waiting for, Marc Albrighton has joined West Brom on loan from Leicester. It's officially February, and that means all international transfers have to be completed by now. Still a few biggies to be confirmed... Soutted and booted 😏 pic.twitter.com/80oaY3JXdH Leicester have finalised their signing of centre-back Harry Souttar from Stoke City. 🤝 Best of luck for the remainder of the season, @KarlDarlow! ⚫️⚪️ Newcastle goalkeeper Karl Darlow has joined Hull City for the remainder of the season. PSG and Chelsea have agreed to a loan deal for Hakim Ziyech, but 90min understands that delays in paperwork could see the deal collapse. Talks are on to try and find a solution. Keylor Navas is a Red. 😍 Your new home awaits. 🏡 A massive signing for Forest as they confirm the loan signing of goalkeeper Keylor Navas from PSG. It's time for the deal sheets. Chelsea and Manchester United are among the sides to submit deal sheets to the Premier League, granting them an extra hour to finalise deals for Enzo Fernandez and Marcel Sabitzer respectively. Nottingham Forest have completed the signing of midfielder Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle. Shelvey has penned a two-and-a-half year contract at the City Ground. AI really is taking over 👀 Transfer announcements will never be the same again... pic.twitter.com/jJzXI34iRz After a real will-they-won't-they saga, Tottenham have finally sealed the signing of right-back Pedro Porro from Sporting CP. He joins on an initial loan deal which includes an obligation to buy. Enzo Fernandez will sign an EIGHT-AND-A-HALF-YEAR contract at Chelsea, 90min understands, to tie him to the club until 2031. Graeme Bailey, 90min's transfer correspondent: "Behdad Eghbali has taken control of this deal - original record deal was agreed with Benfica on Monday, but instalments not right. Eghbali had to almost start again and now instalment plan has been confirmed - at £105m, but first instalment is bigger. British record deal done!" Bournemouth have finalised the signing of Ivorian midfielder Hamed Traore from Serie A side Sassuolo. The 22-year-old joins Ukrainian centre-back Illia Zabarnyi through the Vitality Stadium arrivals door, and is the Cherries' sixth signing of the winter window. ⚪🟢 𝙑𝙀𝙍𝘿𝙀 𝙀 𝘽𝙍𝘼𝙉𝘾𝙊 são as tuas cores 🟢⚪Bem-vindo, @HectorBellerin ✍️ #EuSouSporting Hector Bellerin's Barcelona return has ended up being rather short and sweet, with a move to Sporting CP now finalised. That paves the way for Pedro Porro to finally complete his move to Tottenham... Another one joins 😍#CPFC Crystal Palace have doubled up on deadline day after confirming the signing of Albert Sambi Lokonga on loan from Arsenal. The 23-year-old will remain at Selhurst Park until the end of the 2022/23 campaign. Chelsea have finally reached a full agreement with Benfica to sign midfielder Enzo Fernandez, 90min understands. Chelsea's plan is to sign Fernandez immediately and the two clubs are working to finalise the signing before Tuesday's deadline, rather than wait until the summer. Full story below. 🇮🇪 ¡@mattdoherty20 es nuevo jugador rojiblanco! 🔴⚪🖊 El internacional irlandés ha firmado con nuestro club por lo que resta de temporada.➡ https://t.co/B40U9Jz8ph👋 ¡#BienvenidoDoherty! 😊 pic.twitter.com/HRGjdYp0aP Matt Doherty is no longer a Tottenham Hotspur player, after the north Londoners confirmed that his move to Atletico Madrid is the result of his contract being terminated. He'll spend the remainder of the 2022/23 season in the Spanish capital. Watford have turned down an approach from Everton for winger Ismaila Sarr, 90min understands, which was a loan bid with an obligation to buy at £30m if the Toffees stay up. Sean Dyche really needs reinforcements but there's still nothing do on Merseyside. Nottingham Forest have completed the signing of Brazilian centeal defender Felipe from Atlético Madrid. He has put pen to paper on an 18-month contract and becomes Forest's 476th* signing of what's been a crazy 2022/23 season. *may not be 100% accurate Everton's efforts to strengthen Sean Dyche's goalscoring options are not panning out as planned, and their could even be bad news in their bid to sign free agent Andre Ayew. 90min understands that the 33-year-old's wage demands are proving to be a stumbling block, even though he is without a club after leaving Al Sadd, and he might not even get a work permit. No pressure to get this one wrapped by 11pm as Ayew is not transferring from another club, but yikes... Update: I'm told #Barca & #LAGalaxy are close to full agreement on Julian Araujo1yr loan, obligation to buy if certain markers are met.If the deal collapses, Araujo will still be sold this summer.For @90min_Football/@90min_us w/@lizzy_becherano https://t.co/arxq4Nvby6 Barcelona and LA Galaxy are close to reaching total agreement for a one-year loan deal involving Julian Araujo, 90min understands. The deal will include an obligation to buy if certain criterias are met, with Araujo certain to be sold even if Barca don't end up completing a permanent deal. Naouirou Ahamada: ✅#CPFC Crystal Palace have confirmed the signing of midfielder Naouirou Ahamada on a three-and-a-half year deal. The 20-year-old arrives at Selhurst Park from VfB Stuttgart, having started 17 of the club's 18 Bundesliga games this season, and stated to the club's website: “I’m very happy to have joined this club. It is an amazing club, and I’m very excited to get started. “I want to show my quality, and I want to help this team with my quality. I want to play games, work hard, train hard and progress, and help the team.” Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer has arrived at Carrington ahead of a loan move to Manchester United. pic.twitter.com/9B1DXQe6pe One step closer for Manchester United fans waiting for confirmation of Marcel Sabitzer's loan move from Bayern Munich. The Austrian has arrived at United's Carrington training ground and will now undergo a medical before the deal is signed off. Personal terms are already agreed. Signed, sealed, delivered 🍒 pic.twitter.com/KffmWhKONg Bournemouth have confirmed the signing of highly-rated Ukraine international Illia Zabarnyi from Dynamo Kyiv. The 20-year-old has penned a five-and-a-half-year contract on the south coast, and follows Dango Ouattara, Darren Randolph, Antoine Semenyo and Matias Vina through the arrivals door for Gary O'Neil's Cherries. Fulham are finally nearing a loan deal for Arsenal's forgotten full-back Cedric Soares. The Portuguese is undergoing a medical ahead of a switch to Craven Cottage, and 90min understands that'll lead to Shane Duffy's temporary switch from Brighton being made permanent. The Cottagers also have Daniel James on loan too, with only two domestic players allowed to be loaned at one time. Just under three hours to go in Chelsea's bid to sign Enzo Fernandez, and Benfica president Rui Costa is still not budging... The Blues insist they are not leaving Lisbon without a deal of some kind, even if that means setting up a transfer for the summer. That option has been mentioned in talks between the two clubs, but Chelsea's absolute priority remains getting a deal done right here, right now. Welcome to The Arsenal, Jorginho 👊 pic.twitter.com/jHXqAUBKKQ It's a done deal for Premier League leaders Arsenal and a huge boost for Mikel Arteta and the depth of his midfield. 31-year-old Jorginho, who made 143 appearances for Chelsea, has signed an 18-month contract at the Emirates Stadium with the option of a further year, having lifted the Champions League, Europa League, Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup while in west London. "We are so pleased to sign Jorginho and welcome him and his family to the club,” was Arteta's reaction to his new signing. Juventus full-back Luca Pellegrini has been on loan at Eintracht Frankfurt for the first half of the season, but he's heading back to Italy after seeing that stint cut short. But instead of heading back to Turin, Pellegrini is now off to Lazio for another loan spell - one which may turn into a permanent move if things go well. Ladies and gentlemen, he’s here and he’s 🔴 and ⚪️#AnnounceThorgan pic.twitter.com/X021j7JsJ6 Eden Hazard is continuing to plug away at Real Madrid, but it's pastures new for his brother Thorgan this January. The attacking midfielder has left Borussia Dortmund to link up with Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven on loan until the end of the season. Fulham have completed the signing of Torino midfielder Sasa Lukic on a four-and-a-half year contract. The 26-year-old told the club's official website: “I’m very happy to have signed, and to now be a part of Fulham’s squad. “I can’t wait to get started and meet with the Head Coach, the players, and the staff, and I’m looking forward to training with them when I arrive in England." A bit boost for Marco Silva's Cottagers. Nottingham Forest's sensational season of signings looks to have gone to another level of crazy, with a loan deal close for Paris Saint-Germain's backup goalkeeper Keylor Navas. The Costa Rican, who counts Real Madrid among his former clubs, is on the verge of joining until the end of the season, and should step into the side immediately because of an injury to Dean Henderson. In terms of an outgoing, Lewis O'Brien looks to be heading to Blackburn Rovers on loan with an option to buy for £10m. West Brom and Sheffield United were also interested. Leicester have confirmed the departure of Ayoze Perez to Real Betis on a loan deal until the end of the season. The 29-year-old Spaniard has scored just one goal in 13 appearances across all competitions, with his eight Premier League games failing to deliver what Brendan Rodgers would have hoped. Here’s Jorginho in Arsenal shirt after deal signed until June 2024 with an option to further season — together with his agent João Santos ⚪️🔴🤝🏻 #AFCOfficial statement to follow. pic.twitter.com/duFKUjCSAs We're waiting for imminent confirmation of Jorginho's move across London from Chelsea to Premier League leaders Arsenal. The Italian has penned a contract until the summer of 2024, with the option of an additional year, and is expected to cost The Gunners around £12m. Crystal Palace are preparing to announce the signing of Arsenal midfielder Albert Sambi Lokonga on a six-month loan, 90min understands. The Gunners are rejigging their midfield today, with Jorginho set to arrive from Chelsea. Chelsea's talks for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez are not yet over, but the Blues are preparing for a positive outcome by sending the Argentine for a medical in Portugal. Benfica have granted permission for the 22-year-old to meet with Chelsea for the medical checks, but importantly, there is no final agreement for his transfer just yet. Flug direkt nach Manchester. Marcel Sabitzer kurz vor dem Abflug von München nach Manchester. Leihe mit Kaufoption. Details aber noch vor Ort zu klären.@SkySportNews @SkySportDE pic.twitter.com/9UutqizpU1 Here's Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer heading to the airport for a flight to Manchester. Man Utd are closing in on the loan signing of the 28-year-old.
