FK Partizan Confirm Sale of Filip Stevanovic to Manchester City 
Oct 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/fk-partizan-confirm-sale-of-filip-stevanovic-to-manchester-city
FK Partizan have confirmed that the exciting Filip Stevanovic will officially join Manchester City once the January transfer window opens.  While Stevanovic only turned 18 years old in September, he is already into his third season of senior football with Partizan. The versatile youngster has made a bright start to the 2020/21 season, netting three times - including the opener in the Eternal Derby clash with Red Star recently - and providing two assists so far.  ??‍♂️ A post shared by  Filip Stevanovic (@stevanovic10) on Oct 18, 2020 at 12:18pm PDT Stevanovic has been linked with a whole host of top European sides, but it's City who have won the race for his signature. Partizan have taken to their official Twitter to confirm that the winger will join the Premier League club in January 2021.  Their tweet read: "Partizan is pleased to announce the transfer of Filip Stevanovic to Manchester City in the winter transition period of 2021. "The transfer of Filip Stevanovic to one of the largest European clubs is a significant confirmation of the good and hard work of all club structures." FK Partizan ima zadovoljstvo da objavi transfer Filipa Stevanovića u @ManCity, u zimskom prelaznom roku 2021. godine. Transfer Filipa Stevanovića u jedan od najvećih evropskih klubova predstavlja značajnu potvrdu dobrog i napornog  rada svih struktura kluba. ⚫⚪?⚪ The Sky Blues are expected to pay around €8m for his services, while the player will put pen to paper on a four-and-a-half year deal. It has also been speculated that as part of the agreement, Stevanovic will remain at Partizan for the remainder of the 2020/21 season. However, the Serbian club make no mention of whether he will make the switch to Manchester in January or if he will see out the season with his current club.  What is clear is that Man City have beaten off interest from a whole host of clubs to land Stevanovic's signature. Most notably, local rivals Manchester United were said to have agreed a fee with Partizan for the teenager, while the player himself also posted a cryptic update on his Instagram, suggesting he was on his way to Old Trafford during the recent transfer window. 
