Raphinha & Ferran Torres headline Arsenal's winger shortlist
May 4, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/raphinha-ferran-torres-headline-arsenal-s-winger-shortlist
Arsenal will look to sign a right-sided winger this summer ahead of their return to the Champions League, 90min understands. The Gunners have come on leaps and bounds this season, pushing reigning champions Manchester City all the way in the Premier League title race. With Arsenal now a point behind Man City and having played a game more, their title challenge is likely to fall short, but they have already achieved their pre-season aim of returning to the Champions League, securing their first top-four finish since 2016. Down the stretch of this season, Arsenal's lack of depth has been exposed and they are in need of reinforcements if they are to compete on all fronts next year. Sources have told 90min that the north Londoners are targeting a right winger, centre-back, central midfielder and perhaps a centre forward in the summer. There are several players on Arsenal's shortlist of wingers, including Barcelona duo Raphinha and Ferran Torres. 90min reported in January that the Gunners targeted the duo as alternatives to Chelsea-bound Mykhailo Mudryk, before eventually settling on a more attainable option in Brighton's Leandro Trossard. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Arsenal also tried to sign Raphinha from Leeds United last summer prior to his move to Camp Nou. Other wingers on Arsenal's transfer radar include Bayer Leverkusen's Moussa Diaby, who has been a long-term target for Newcastle United and has always eyed a move to the Premier League. However, with PSG set to lose Lionel Messi and potentially Neymar, his hometown club are hugely interested in a reunion. Out-of-contract Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha is still admired by Arsenal and contact has been made regarding a potential move, though he is only a backup option at this stage. Nevertheless, the Gunners are doing their due diligence on the Ivorian and know he is someone who could easily slot in straight away. LISTEN NOW
