Andre Onana reveals Man Utd ambitions ahead of transfer confirmation
Jul 19, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/andre-onana-man-utd-ambitions-ahead-of-transfer-confirmation
Andre Onana has confirmed that he is joining Manchester United and revealed he wants to win the Champions League with the Red Devils. United have reached an agreement with Inter over a €55m deal and the Cameroonian goalkeeper will now undergo a medical. Onana will sign a five-year contract at United and will become their new starting stopper following the release of club legend David de Gea. He will also reunite with manager Erik ten Hag having previously worked with him at Ajax. With his move from Italy to England on the verge of completion, Gazzetta dello Sport managed to grab a final interview with Onana before departing Inter. "Now I really want to start this new experience, exciting and with a coach who for me is a master. I will go to a great league and a great club, which has a huge history just like that of Inter: I will start from scratch and give everything every day to show the new fans who I am," Onana said. "The important thing is to be honest and always tell people the truth. I am a person who always wants new challenges. Playing in the Premier League and for a club like United is irresistible. "All parties wanted this to happen. But what matters is that if I had stayed, I would have been happy because I never had any problems at Inter." feed Onana put in an impressive performance for Inter during their Champions League final defeat to Manchester City in June, and he revealed he is hoping to go one step further with United. "Pride and sadness. You don’t know how much I would have loved to bring the trophy to Milan, celebrate it with our people," he added. "We were close to touching it, we deserved it: we played against City head-on, only details were missing, but this is football. "Personally, I hope to win the Champions League with United, but I also hope that Inter replay a final and win it."
