Ibrahim Sangare offered to Premier League clubs ahead of PSV exit
Mar 24, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/ibrahim-sangare-offered-to-premier-league-clubs-ahead-of-psv-exit
PSV Eindhoven are prepared to agree to the departure of midfielder Ibrahim Sangare this summer, 90min understands, with a number of Premier League sides interested. The 25-year-old Ivory Coast international was linked with a move to England last summer but instead signed a new five-year contract in Eindhoven to commit himself to the club until 2027. However, sources have confirmed to 90min that Sangare, whose deal includes a €37m release clause, is now ready to test himself in the Premier League and PSV are open to cashing in while his value remains as high as possible. Representatives of the midfielder have spoken with a number of Premier League clubs to alert them of Sangare's potential availability. West Ham have been touted as suitors as they prepare for the departure of Declan Rice, but Sangare is understood to be looking for a move to a bigger side. Indeed, the 25-year-old has plenty of suitors from towards the top of the Premier League. Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham are all known admirers of Sangare and have been alerted by his agents. Chelsea considered Sangare last summer as they saw a move for Ajax's Edson Alvarez knocked back late in the window. The Mexico international's name is also being touted around for a summer transfer this time around. READ NEXT manual Sangare is enjoying an excellent individual campaign which has yielded seven goals in all competitions, including a recent thunderbolt against ADO Den Haag which was clocked at a mammoth 170 km/h. PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy recently conceded that Sangare is ready to test himself at the highest level. "Obviously he can handle [the Premier League]," Van Nistelrooy told Voetbal International. "I have challenged him because I think Ibrahim can go to the top in England. He would also be great in Italy or Spain.  "I see players in his position there now and I think Ibrahim is definitely going to take a shot at that level." LISTEN NOW
