Mino Raiola confirms there are 'clear ideas' about Erling Haaland's future
Dec 10, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/mino-raiola-confirms-clear-ideas-about-erling-haaland-future-transfer
Mino Raiola has confirmed he and Erling Haaland have ‘clear ideas’ where the striker should go next when he leaves Borussia Dortmund. Haaland has scored 74 goals in 72 appearances since joining Dortmund in January 2020 and even at just 21 years of age is already considered one of the best players in the world. The Norwegian’s future has become a huge topic of international intrigue, with a €75m (£64m) release clause set to become active at the end of this season. It is expected to create a scramble for his signature, limiting the price of a generational talent well below his potential real value. Manchester United, Manchester City and Real Madrid have all been heavily linked with Haaland as they are in need of a new long-term ‘number nine’. Chelsea could also dip back into the market despite already landing Romelu Lukaku, while PSG and Bayern Munich have also been linked. 90min has previously been told by sources with knowledge of the situation that Haaland has not made a decision on his next club and won’t do so until 2022. But Raiola has confirmed that the party at least have ‘clear ideas’ about what path they want to take. “We have been thinking and doing for two years,” the agent told Sport1 in Germany. “We have clear ideas about where Erling should go and of course we look at what the market has to offer. I would be a bad advisor if I didn't. “We can influence the market with a player like Erl. We are not influenced by the market. We know this. I changed the transfer market with my players. We consultants have created a second game alongside football: Calciomercato [Italian for ‘transfer market’]. “We now talk about a game two days a week and five days about transfers. Maybe the sports directors hate me. I don't hate anyone myself. I just do my job. And I like to cross borders. “The clubs need me. I bring them the players. I go into every negotiation with respect.”
