Lionel Messi undecided about Barcelona future & is yet to speak to other clubs
Feb 20, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/latest-lionel-messi-barcelona-future
Lionel Messi and his representatives are yet to hold talks over any potential move in the summer, with the Barcelona legend currently undecided over where he will play his football next season. Messi handed in a transfer request in the summer of 2020 after Barcelona's chaotic 2019/20 season concluded with an 8-2 Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich. However, his €700m release clause prevented a move away, and he eventually agreed to remain at Camp Nou for the 2020/21 campaign. The six-time Ballon d'Or winner's contract with Barcelona expires in June 2021, and he is poised to leave the Catalan giants on a free transfer in the summer. Messi entered the final six months of his contract in January and has been free to open talks with other clubs regarding a move ever since. However, the latest from ESPN states that he is yet to decide on his next destination and his representatives have not opened talks over a potential move. Messi himself has previously stated that he will wait until June before settling his future. “I’m not thinking too far ahead in the short term and just want to see how the season finishes. I will not negotiate with other clubs. I will wait for the season to end and in June I will decide,” he told La Sexta in December. PSG and Manchester City have both been touted as potential destinations for the Argentine, with the European heavyweights two of a handful of clubs in world football with the financial muscle to land Messi.  Details of the 33-year-old's Barcelona deal were leaked in January, and showed his four-year contract to be worth £492m - the biggest deal in sporting history. A move to PSG would see Messi link up with former teammate Neymar, and the French champions have been merrily stirring the speculation pot. The club's sporting director Leonardo stated in January that players like Messi would 'always be on PSG's list.'
