Youri Tielemans confirms Leicester exit
May 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/youri-tielemans-confirms-leicester-exit
Youri Tielemans has announced his departure from Leicester when his contract expires next month, meaning the Belgian midfielder will join a new club on a free transfer. Tielemans joined Leicester from Monaco in January 2019, initially on loan, and had played just shy of 200 games for the Foxes by the time their unexpected Premier League relegation was sealed at the end of the final match of the season last weekend. The 26-year-old was not part of Leicester’s famed Premier League title-winning squad, but still wrote his name into the club’s history with the winning goal in the 2021 FA Cup final against Chelsea. "Dear Leicester City fans, after four and a half special years and with a lot of gratitude, I am bidding farewell to this incredible club," Tielemans posted on social media. "From the first day I set foot on this ground, your warmth and passion embraced me. Victory and triumph, love, hope and even defeat, we have shared many special moments together. I am forever grateful for your unwavering support." Tielemans also personally thanked Leicester chairman and owner Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha, as well as the staff, his teammates and the fans for ‘having given me and my family a home’. "This is not a goodbye, but a heartfelt farewell, with pride, love and eternal gratitude." feed 90min understands that Tielemans’ representatives remain in talks with a number of clubs both in England and abroad. But no deal has been struck. Having failed to agree a new contract, Leicester have been resigned to losing the player since last summer and were prepared to listen to offers when they could still have recouped a transfer fee. Arsenal have long had eyes on Tielemans and, as 90min reported, were even considering a bid in the final days of the January transfer window after being unable to convince Brighton to part with Moises Caicedo – incidentally, the Seagulls have now changed their stance.
