Man Utd Considering Uros Racic as 'Partner' for Paul Pogba & Bruno Fernandes
Sep 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-uros-racic-paul-pogba-bruno-fernandes-transfer
Manchester United are considering a move for Valencia midfielder Uros Racic, so they can partner him up with Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes - according to a new report. United strengthened their midfield options ahead of this season with the £39m signing of Donny van de Beek from Ajax, but still lack a defensive midfielder to ease the workload on Nemanja Matic. Quick feet from @Donny_Beek6 ?#MUFC pic.twitter.com/3ovIbnzSC7 In an attempt to finalise the balance in an overly attacking midfield setup, The Sun claim the Red Devils are now weighing up a move for Racic. The Serbian has inevitably been compared to Matic on the premise that they are international teammates, but the former is yet to prove himself to be anywhere near as capable as the latter - and furthermore, he plays a slightly different role. The Serbian has a £92m release clause in his contract, but it is expected that he would be available for far cheaper as Valencia - like so many others - are in the midst of a financial crisis. The report states that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side are planning to submit a £28m bid for the 22-year-old. United's interest in Racic has been further supplemented by Spanish journalist Hector Gomez, which does add fuel to the fire, although he denies the suggestion that United have submitted a bid. El entorno de Racic confirma interés de @ManUtd_Es en el jugador pero NO la oferta de 30 millones. Vamos a ver si realmente hay oferta final o sólo se queda en el interés. pic.twitter.com/LM5t9f5d5W Racic signed for Valencia from Red Star Belgrade in 2018, but has been on loan away from the club since January 2019 - spending last season in Portugal with Famalicao. He plays primarily as a box-to-box midfielder, which would suit United's counter-attacking style under Solskjaer, but wouldn't exactly provide a direct replacement for Matic.
