Club Brugge reject €10m offer from West Ham for Hans Vanaken
Aug 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/club-brugge-reject-10m-offer-west-ham-hans-vanaken
West Ham United have seen an opening €10m offer for Club Brugge midfielder Hans Vanaken turned down, 90min can confirm. The 29-year-old attacking midfielder has spent his entire professional career playing in his homeland and boasts an impressive goalscoring record in Belgium's top flight. He is one of many transfer targets West Ham have identified as manager David Moyes looks to strengthen a squad which has already been depleted by injuries in defence. Vanaken won't solve that particular problem for Moyes - West Ham are pressing ahead with interest in Chelsea's Emerson Palmieri and PSG's Thilo Kehrer in that department - but he would provide further competition for places in the heart of midfield; one that looked a little ragged and rusty during Sunday's narrow defeat to Nottingham Forest. But 90min understands that West Ham's opening offer of €10m falls well below Club Brugge's valuation of Vanaken, who is contracted to the club until 2025.  Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! It's believed the Belgian giants would ideally want at least double that figure, although there's hope that the Hammers may be able to negotiate a deal around the €15m mark with future add-ons. Club Brugge are unlikely to be rolled over by West Ham at the negotiating table, however, having already secured a healthy sum of money when selling Charles De Ketelaere to Serie A champions AC Milan. There's also significant interest in young Dutch winger Noa Lang and Scottish centre-back Jack Hendry, meaning there's every chance that Club Brugge will hold firm over their valuation of Vanaken - who has extensive experience of playing in Europe.
