Real Madrid set to beat Barcelona to signing of Arda Guler
Jul 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-to-beat-barcelona-signing-arda-guler
Real Madrid are set to beat Barcelona to the signing of highly-rated Fenerbahce starlet Arda Guler this summer, 90min understands. Guler made his senior debut for Fenerbahce in August 2021 and became the club's youngest ever Super Lig goalscorer later that season against Alanya. Since then, the attacking midfielder has gone from strength to strength, earning himself the coveted number 10 jersey at the Sukru Saracoglu Stadium at the start of the 2022/23 campaign - a season in which he'd make 31 appearances for the club. The 18-year-old's most telling contribution for the club came in the Turkish Cup final in June, when his man of the match showing guided Fener to a 2-0 win over Istanbul Basaksehir. These wonderful performances have caught the eye of some of Europe's top clubs, and 90min can confirm that Real Madrid and Barcelona have made bids for his services during the summer transfer window. The two rivals were willing to go above the player's release clause at Fenerbahce in order make a move happen, with both bidding around €20m - a fee which would be paid in instalments.  feed Real Madrid believe that Guler has opted to accept a move to the Santiago Bernabeu over Barcelona, with sources stating that chief scout Juni Calafat has had a major role in him choosing Los Blancos.  Calafat has been key to a number of recent signings for Real Madrid, being noted as playing a huge role in Jude Bellingham's decision to sign for the club earlier this summer too. The midfielder was snapped up by Los Blancos in June, signing a six-year deal at the club after Real Madrid agreed to part with more than €100m to Borussia Dortmund for his services. Guler and Bellingham are set to join a Real Madrid squad full of young talent, with the likes of Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo Goes, Eduardo Camavinga and Aurelien Tchouameni already on the books.
