Christian Eriksen reveals Erik ten Hag's role in Man Utd transfer
Jul 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/christian-eriksen-reveals-erik-ten-hag-role-man-utd-transfer
Christian Eriksen has admitted that Erik ten Hag played a crucial role in his decision to join Manchester United - a move he never expected to happen, despite being linked with a switch throughout his career. Eriksen signed for United earlier this month on a free transfer, following the expiration of his short-term Brentford deal.  The Dane joined the Bees until the end of the season after his Inter contract was terminated. This was due to him having an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator fitted after suffering a cardiac arrest while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020 last summer. This would have prevented Eriksen featuring in Serie A matches, as per competition rules. Eriksen impressed at Brentford, registering one goal and four assists, and the west London side were keen to extend his stay. However, United beat them to Eriksen's signature, with the Dane revealing his delight at arriving at Old Trafford in an interview posted on the club's website. "Ah, very new! It’s weird, I never thought it would actually happen, so to be here, like you say being a Manchester United player, it’s very special," Eriksen revealed. "Because I think from my career path before the incident in the Euros, the planning wasn’t to go back to the UK at all.  "I was thinking my time to go to Manchester United was before! Obviously, then I was at Spurs, and then went to Italy, but now to sit here is definitely something that I didn’t expect, but I'm also very happy that I’m here. It feels good, it feels good to be here." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Eriksen went on to reveal that new manager Ten Hag had played a significant role in convincing him to move to Man Utd this summer. 
