West Ham contact Sassuolo about Giacomo Raspadori and Gianluca Scamacca
Jun 22, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-contact-sassuolo-giacomo-raspadori-gianluca-scamacca
West Ham have spoken to Sassuolo over both Giacomo Raspadori and Gianluca Scamacca, 90min understands, as the club continue to search for reinforcements up front. David Moyes completed his first signing of the summer window on Monday, bringing in Rennes defender Nayef Aguerd in a move worth around £30m plus add-ons. But the signings are unlikely to stop there for the Hammers, with Moyes keen to bolster his squad with a number of fresh faces ahead of the 2022/23 campaign - one that will see the club compete in the Europa Conference League after last season's incredible run to the Europa League semi-finals. West Ham are in the market for a number of positions - goalkeeper, left-back and central midfield among others - but strengthening Moyes' frontline is a priority given the workload on Michail Antonio's shoulders. The Jamaican remains the club's only recognised striker - a burden he has carried since Sebastien Haller's departure to Ajax back in January 2021. 90min understands West Ham are keen on wide forwards, namely Raphinha, Keane Lewis-Potter and Jesse Lingard, but contact has been made over central striking options.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Raheem Sterling & Gabriel Jesus' futures, Chelsea's interest in Jules Kounde & Robert Lewandowski plus Man Utd's Frenkie de Jong pursuit. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Among those the club are interested in are Sassuolo duo Raspadori and Scamacca, who are both taking on a more important role in Italy's national team under Roberto Mancini. 22-year-old Raspadori scored 10 Serie A goals last season while Scamacca bagged 16 - form that has brought the latter to the attention of Arsenal in recent times. Their goals helped fire Sassuolo to a comfortable mid-table finish, but the Italian side may be open to negotiating an exit for one of the two after completing a deal for Agustin Alvarez last Friday - a player dubbed by some in Uruguay as the next Darwin Nunez.
