Transfer rumours: Man Utd give up on De Jong; Saka to sign new Arsenal contract
Aug 31, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-give-up-on-de-jong-saka-to-sign-new-arsenal-contract
Manchester United are ready to admit defeat in their pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong this window, but are expected to try and sign him again in the near future. The Red Devils confirmed an agreement is in place to sign Antony on Tuesday, while they will not make a move for PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo, who is attracting interest from Everton, Leeds United and Southampton. The Saints believe they are leading the race. Erik ten Hag has ruled out United offloading Aaron Wan-Bissaka before Thursday's deadline. Former club Crystal Palace had been interested. Bukayo Saka has revealed he expects to sign a new contract at Arsenal despite being linked with Manchester City and Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been named the Gunners' player of the season for the last two campaigns and has become an England regular. Chelsea are looking to jump the queue in the race to sign RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol, with the Blues willing to pay €90m in order to secure the services of the Croatian from the start of the 2023/24 season. The Blues are also hopeful of completing a deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this window, while Marcos Alonso is expected to head the other way to Barcelona as part of a separate deal. Juventus are set to complete the signing of Leandro Paredes from PSG despite late interest from Arsenal, who are in the market for another midfielder. On his way out of the Emirates Stadium is Hector Bellerin, who could be granted permission to leave on a free transfer. Former club Barcelona are interested in the right-back if they are unable to conclude a deal for Villarreal's Juan Foyth. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Jurgen Klopp has admitted that Liverpool's search to bring in a new midfielder is ongoing, while he has alluded to their failed pursuit of Aurelien Tchouameni earlier this summer, with the Frenchman instead signing for Real Madrid. Harry Winks' loan from Tottenham to Sampdoria includes an optional €25m purchase clause. Sergio Reguilon's move to Atletico Madrid is a dry loan, however.
