Football transfer rumours: Bayern's new Kane offer; Chelsea's shock striker talks
Jul 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-bayern-kane-offer-chelsea-9-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bayern Munich are tipped to make a new Harry Kane offer, but even upping what they are willing to pay to £70m isn't expected to persuade Tottenham into selling. (Daily Mail) Real Madrid are suddenly distancing themselves from Kylian Mbappe, denying any contact with the player himself or Paris Saint-Germain. (Marca) More Kylian Mbappe rumours suggest he has turned down three new Paris Saint-Germain contracts. (Ramon Alvarez) If Barcelona sell at least two of Ferran Torres, Ansu Fati, Franck Kessie and Eric Garcia, they might have the spending power to register Vitor Roque this summer instead of waiting until January. (AS) Erik ten Hag has decided to sell Jadon Sancho, Harry Maguire, Scott McTominay and Fred in a ruthless Manchester United squad refresh. (Mirror) Manchester United target Rasmus Hojlund will ask Atalanta to sanction a transfer to help push from the inside if the Old Trafford club are struggling to agree a fee. (Football Transfers) Seeking to add a central striker, Chelsea have opened talks with Arsenal over a potenial deal for Folarin Balogun after his successful loan at Reims. (Daily Mail) Chelsea could accept as little as £40m for former record signing Romelu Lukaku. Financially struggling Inter have had one offer rejected, with Juventus and Al-Hilal also interested. (Guardian) manual Tottenham are monitoring Chelsea defender Marc Cucurella as a potential replacement for Ivan Perisic, who has been linked with Hajduk Split in Croatia. (Football Transfers) Spurs are also interested in Borussia Monchengladbach's Ko Itakura, but could face competition from Napoli for the Japan centre-back. (Sky Sport Germany) Paris Saint-Germain, Napoli and Galatasaray are the latest clubs to have held talks with Wilfried Zaha, who is also still considering a new offer from Crystal Palace. (Guardian) Dutch club Twente are interested in a potential loan for Manchester United winger Facundo Pellistri. (Voetbal International) Everton boss Sean Dyche wants to sign Blackburn midfielder Adam Wharton. (The Sun) Nottingham Forest are keeping tabs on Leicester striker Kelechi Iheanacho following last season's shock relegation with the Foxes. (Daily Mail) Burnley have agreed a loan with Borussia Dortmund for 19-year-old defender Soumaila Coulibaly that includes a €15m option to buy. (L'Equipe)
