Pep Guardiola admits he won't stop Bernardo Silva joining Barcelona
Aug 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/pep-guardiola-bernardo-silva-barcelona
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has suggested he wouldn’t stop Bernardo Silva leaving the club for Barcelona because he ‘doesn’t want anyone to be unhappy’. Silva has continued to be linked with the Catalan giants this summer, having first informed City that he wanted to leave in 2020 after struggling off the pitch during the UK’s first Covid-19 lockdown. City have held firm in their stance that they are not interested in negotiating a transfer, but Guardiola has spoken more than once refusing to rule anything out – earlier this month, he compared the situation to Gabriel Jesus, Raheem Sterling and Oleksandr Zinchenko all leaving. At executive level, City have taken a firmer stance, with chief executive Ferran Soriano ruling out a sale earlier this week on the basis that there isn’t time to find a replacement. "It's too late to talk about entrances and exits,” Soriano explained. Speaking after City’s ALS fundraiser game against Barcelona at Camp Nou on Wednesday night, Guardiola gave his latest take on the ongoing saga. “He is our player,” the Spaniard said of Bernardo. “We want him to be with us because he is very important. Having said that, I don't want anyone to be unhappy. “But I don't want him to leave because he is a superlative player. As a player and as a person, he is one of the best I have ever had. In any competition he is the best player. If an offer arrives there are seven days left and if Bernardo leaves, we would have to go to the market and not it's easy. “Having said that, Bernardo likes Barcelona a lot.” Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
