Transfer rumours: Bastoni wanted by Man Utd; Leao turns down AC Milan contract
Oct 22, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-bastoni-wanted-by-man-utd-leao-turns-down-ac-milan-contract-22-10-2022
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Erik ten Hag has asked Manchester United to sign Inter centre-back Alessandro Bastoni as he continues his rebuild of the club's back line. (Fichajes) Rafael Leao has declined the offer of a new contract from AC Milan and will be sold in 2023. Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are both huge admirers of the Portugal international. (Calciomercato) With his Crystal Palace contract winding down, Wilfried Zaha will prioritise a free transfer to Liverpool at the end of the season. Arsenal and Chelsea are both interested but Zaha is keen to play under Jurgen Klopp. (Calciomercato) Chelsea, Liverpool and Man Utd will consider January bids for Frenkie de Jong if the Dutch midfielder decides to leave Barcelona. (ESPN) Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby is on Real Madrid's radar, with the German side ready to cash in for around €70m. (Fichajes) Manchester City and PSG are both tracking 18-year-old Benfica centre-back Antonio Silva, who has been valued at €100m by the Portuguese side. (Le10Sport) Liverpool are also interested in Silva. (O Jogo) Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Chelsea's search for a new striker, the growing interest in Napoli rising star Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Newcastle's plans for Bruno Guimaraes and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! As he approaches the end of his contract with Borussia Dortmund, Youssoufa Moukoko is expecting to field offers from Liverpool, PSG, Real Madrid and Barcelona. (Football Insider) Manchester United have expressed an interest in Bayer Leverkusen right-back Jeremie Frimpong as they brace themselves for interest in Diogo Dalot from Barcelona. (Sky Germany) Tottenham are the latest side to make contact with the representatives of Juventus midfielder Manuel Locatelli over a January move. Arsenal and Newcastle United have also been touted as suitors. (Calciomercatoweb)
