Kylian Mbappe could sign new PSG contract with Real Madrid clause
Feb 7, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/kylian-mbappe-new-psg-contract-real-madrid-clause
Paris Saint-German forward Kylian Mbappe could sign a new contract at Parc des Princes, with long-term suitors Real Madrid hesitating over a summer move for the Frenchman. Real have been waiting years for the summer of 2021, when Mbappe is set to enter the final year of his contract in Paris, in the hope of swooping in and completing a 'cut-price' deal to bring the 22-year-old over to Spain. However, after posting major losses because of the COVID-19 outbreak, Real don't exactly have the financial strength to shell out well over £100m to sign Mbappe this summer, and the forward is believed to be well aware of that. As a result, AS claim that the idea of renewing with PSG has been floated around. Sporting director Leonardo wants to keep Mbappe around for as long as possible, although the Frenchman is hesitant to commit as he knows a longer contract will only increase his value. To try and find a middle ground, PSG could insert a clause in the contract which would allow Mbappe to join Real, or any other top side, for the right price - something Real are begrudgingly prepared to accept. Marca state that Real have decided against making the first move for Mbappe, with club officials instead prepared to wait for PSG to contact them over a deal, whether that be this summer or in a few years. Mbappe's entourage are encouraging the PSG man to sign a bumper new contract in France and wait a few years until Real are ready to make a bid for him, in order to maximise his own earnings as well as keep everyone happy. It's a situation which has left Real frustrated but understanding. They simply cannot afford to sign Mbappe this summer, but if he signs a new contract with a release clause, at least he will be somewhat attainable down the line. Where that release clause will sit is currently unknown, but it is likely to be somewhere closer to the £198m PSG spent to sign Neymar, and there are even suggestions that it could exceed that figure because of Mbappe's age.
