Football transfer rumours: Man Utd to step up Hojlund interest; Kane rules out PSG move
Jul 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-hojlund-kane-psg-18-7-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United will push ahead with a move for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund once they complete the signing of Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana, who is expected to complete a switch to Old Trafford this week. (Daily Telegraph) In terms of outgoings, Manchester United have rejected a loan bid from West Ham for Harry Maguire, who was stripped of the Red Devils captain's armband on Sunday. (Guardian) Manchester United and West Ham are both weighing up moves for Bayern Munich midfielder Leon Goretzka. (Sky Sport Germany) Arsenal have joined Liverpool in the race to sign Romeo Lavia from Southampton, with both clubs looking to bring in another new midfielder having already made high-profile acquisitions this summer. (Football Transfers) Liverpool are also considering a move for Crystal Palace's Cheick Doucoure as a long-term replacement for Saudi Arabia-bound Fabinho. (Football Transfers) Chelsea will launch a fresh bid to sign Moises Caicedo from Brighton this week, with the Blues prepared to pay north of £70m for Mauricio Pochettino's top target. (Evening Standard) manual Harry Kane is not interested in a move to PSG despite reports that the French champions are prepared to battle Bayern Munich for his signature. (Daily Telegraph) In the event that Kane is sold, Tottenham would consider a move for Brentford striker Ivan Toney, who is banned from football until January due to betting offences. (Football Transfers) Barcelona club president Joan Laporta has been filmed confirming his interested in Manchester City star Bernardo Silva. (Football Espana) PSG have already seen a bid for Silva rejected by Manchester City, despite offering €70m plus one of Presnel Kimpembe, Marco Verratti or Gianluigi Donnarumma. (SPORT) Real Madrid are hoping to raise €25m through the sale of various academy stars to allow them greater flexibility in the summer transfer window. (MARCA)
