Chelsea, Man Utd & Man City scout Monaco centre-back Axel Disasi
Apr 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-man-utd-man-city-scout-monaco-centre-back-axel-disasi
Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City have all sent scouts to watch Monaco defender Axel Disasi in recent weeks, 90min understands. The three Premier League giants are all expected to make changes in defence this summer and have been following a whole host of potential signings as they seek to whittle down their centre-back shortlists. Sources have confirmed that scouts from all three have been to watch Disasi in recent weeks. The 25-year-old, who made three appearances for France at the 2022 World Cup, has long been touted as a future star in Ligue 1 and has been an integral part of a Monaco side pushing for Champions League qualification. It is understood that Chelsea, City and United were all impressed by Disasi but their interest in the defender is only in its early stages and there are no guarantees any of the three clubs will take their tracking of him any further. There is also plenty of interest in Disasi from mainland Europe, with clubs from both Germany and Italy known to have watched the Frenchman recently. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed United hope to bolster at centre-back this summer but are aware of their need to part ways with one of their current crop of defenders first. 90min understands Harry Maguire is free to leave Old Trafford this summer. On the other side of Manchester, City are known to be chasing a deal for RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol as they prepare for the departure of Aymeric Laporte, but may view Disasi as a cheaper alternative. Chelsea are also admirers of Gvardiol but are known to have looked at a number of centre-backs as they prepare for a summer in which the futures of Cesar Azpilicueta, Kalidou Koulibaly, Trevoh Chalobah and Marc Cucurella will all be up in the air. The Blues do have Levi Colwill returning from his loan with Brighton, and as 90min first revealed back in March, the current plan is to hand the academy graduate a new long-term contract and integrate him into the first team in an attempt to fend off interest from both City and Liverpool. Current blues director Laurence Stewart will be familiar with Disasi, having spent two-and-a-half years at Monaco before his move to Stamford Bridge. LISTEN NOW
