Football transfer rumours: Man Utd hold Ramos talks; Real Madrid eye Richarlison
May 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-ramos-talks-real-madrid-richarlison-10-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United have held talks with Benfica over a deal worth up to £100m, including add-ons, for centre-forward Goncalo Ramos. (Mirror) Arsenal winger Bukayo Saka could sign a new five-year contract worth £300,000-a-week before the end of the season. (talkSPORT) Liverpool are weighing up whether to make a move for Inter midfielder Nicolo Barella this summer. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Real Madrid face competition from Inter for the signature of Tottenham forward Richarlison, who has has struggled to command a first team place in north London. (Fichajes) Bayer Leverkusen remain interested in signing Granit Xhaka from Arsenal, most likely on a free transfer at the end of next season. (Mirror) Lionel Messi's proposed move to Al Hilal from Paris Saint-Germain is a 'done deal', with his contract worth as much as €400m-a-year. (AFP) Messi's father has denied an agreement is in place and says talks are continuing over his son's next steps. (Instagram) feed Chelsea's bid to sign Joao Felix on a permanent deal from Atletico Madrid could lead to a swap involving Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Marc Cucurella. (Evening Standard) Manchester City admire Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, but a deal could be difficult to pull off unless the Catalan giants soften their stance over a potential sale. (GiveMeSport) Veteran Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets is now expected to leave the club at the end of the season instead of signing a new one-year deal. (Marca) Real Madrid could explore a deal for Tottenham wing-back Pedro Porro in the summer, even though he only moved from Sporting CP in January. (Mundo Deportivo) Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski, who has been linked with a move to Liverpool, will consider his future in the summer after helping the club end their 33-year wait for a Serie A title. (Fichajes)
