Ibrahima Konate denies Liverpool talks & commits future to RB Leipzig
Apr 18, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/ibrahima-konate-rules-out-liverpool-move
RB Leipzig defender Ibrahima Konate has denied Liverpool have made any contact with either him or his representatives despite reports suggesting a deal is close to completion. Jurgen Klopp's backline has been decimated by injuries this season and the club were forced to delve into the January transfer market in a bid to bolster their defensive options. Both Ozan Kabak and Ben Davies arrived at Anfield in the mid-season window - with the latter yet to make a single appearance for the Reds - though Klopp was said to be looking to strengthen his arsenal further with the signing of Konate this summer. But when asked about a potential move, the Frenchman claimed no contact had been made and that he intends to fulfil the remaining two years on his deal with RB Leipzig, “There are often rumours in football and many believe them immediately," he told BILD. "I or my agents did not get a call from Liverpool. I also have big goals with RB Leipzig. These are currently the best possible result in the Bundesliga, reaching the cup final and the Under-21 European Championship with France. "I have a contract until 2023 and contracts are there to fulfil them." The 21-year-old's importance to RB Leipzig will grow further next season as star defender Dayot Upamecano departs for Bundesliga rivals Bayern Munich. Konate was asked whether he saw himself as the natural successor to Upamecano at the club, but he refused to draw any similarities between the pair. "I don't want to be Dayot's successor - I'm me," he said. "We both came to Leipzig in 2017 and played well together here. Unfortunately, our paths are now parting. I'll give Dayot the new job and continue doing my thing here." Konate has been forced to overcome a number of serious injuries in the last two years and has subsequently made just 12 Bundesliga starts in little under two seasons.
