Football transfer rumours: Liverpool to sell Jota; Arsenal make Osimhen decision
Mar 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-to-sell-jota-arsenal-make-osimhen-decision-9-3-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Diogo Jota could be sold by Liverpool this summer, with the Reds aware they have too many left-sided forwards on the books. A fee of £62m would be enough to get a deal done. (Football Transfers) Newcastle United are interested in Spain international Marco Asensio, whose contract with Real Madrid will come to an end in the summer. (Jacque Talbot) Liverpool have also reignited their interest in Watford winger Ismaila Sarr, who will have 12 months left on his own deal at the end of the season. (Fichajes) Barcelona have lodged an enquiry with Manchester United over right-back Diogo Dalot, who remains in talks with the Red Devils over a contract extension. (Mundo Deportivo) Leaving Barcelona could be winger Raphinha, who is wanted by Newcastle and could be let go if the Magpies match the £55m paid to sign him from Leeds last summer. (El Desmarque) Paris Saint-Germain are looking to recruit Newcastle centre-back Sven Botman at the end of the campaign. (iNews) READ NEXT manual Manchester United and Chelsea are both looking to try and convince Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder Daichi Kamada to join on a free transfer this summer, despite the player having already reached an agreement with Borussia Dortmund. (Daily Mail) Despite being linked with a move, Arsenal will not pursue Napoli striker Victor Osimhen this summer as the Gunners believe they have other priorities for the transfer market. (Fabrizio Romano) Tottenham are considering acting on their long-standing interest in Juventus goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny, formerly of Arsenal, at the end of the season. (Calciomercato) Bayern Munich have already decided that they will reject the chance to sign Manchester City loanee Joao Cancelo permanently in the summer. (Calciomercato) Real Madrid are interested in signing Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos, who has a release clause worth €120m in his contract. (Mundo Deportivo) Also on the radar at the Bernabeu is Inter's Lautaro Martinez, who would be free to leave if Real Madrid offered around €80m. (Fichajes) LISTEN NOW
