Kalvin Phillips' agent confirms positive talks over new Leeds contract
Sep 30, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-news-kalvin-phillips-agent-talks-new-contract
Kalvin Phillips' agent has spoken positively about the prospect of his client signing a new contract at Leeds United. 90min revealed on Tuesday that the club were preparing to offer Phillips an improvement on his current terms in a bid to tie down his long-term future. The 25-year-old is poised to more than double his wages at Elland Road, and could be offered in excess of £100,000-per-week to ensure interest from Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool is fended off.  That would make Phillips the club's highest earner, ahead of Raphinha and Patrick Bamford who both take home around £70,000-per-week. Phillips has more than three years left on his current deal, but he signed that contract when Leeds were in the Championship and well before he became an England regular under Gareth Southgate. Nevertheless, Phillips' increased stature in the game doesn't appear to have swayed his commitment to Leeds, with agent Kevin Sharp telling the Telegraph: "I've had positive discussions with Leeds throughout the summer on a new contract for Kalvin and talks are ongoing." Leeds are acutely aware that they need to make Phillips an offer that reflects his value to the club, but also reflects what he'd be able to earn elsewhere.  All interested parties would be able to offer Phillips in excess of £100,000-per-week, leaving the club little option but to make him their highest earner. The player himself is also aware that he's earning far less than his international colleagues. Leeds preparing big contract offer for England star Kalvin Phillips.https://t.co/7OZwOtV1tU✍️ @90min_Football One thing that plays into Leeds' hands nicely is Phillips' close relationship with manager Marcelo Bielsa. The Argentine spoke fondly of his qualities during the summer, going as far as comparing Phillips with Diego Simeone - who was revered around the world for his ability as a defensive midfielder.
