Southampton Confirm James Ward-Prowse Has Replaced Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg as Club Captain
Jun 17, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/pierre-emile-hojbjerg-james-ward-prowse-southampton-captain-tottenham-transfer
Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl has confirmed midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg has been stripped of the captaincy, following his decision to publicly reveal his desire to play at a higher level. Hojbjerg joined the Saints in the summer of 2016 and has since become a fan favourite. The former Bayern Munich midfielder started all but two of his side's 29 Premier League games before play was halted in March, with his tireless work ethic and defensive awareness making him a hugely valuable player. ? Ralph Hasenhüttl has confirmed @Prowsey16 will wear the captain's armband for the remainder of the season. #SaintsFC pic.twitter.com/JJXPG9DhY9 However, with just one year left to run on his current Saints deal, Tottenham have shown an interest in the 24-year-old. With Spurs keeping a watchful eye, Hojbjerg explained in May that he was keen to play at a 'higher level', while he also admitted that his club knows what he wants.  Ahead of Southampton's first game back against Norwich on Friday, Hasenhuttl has now revealed in a pre-match press conference (as confirmed on Southampton's official Twitter) that Hojbjerg has been stripped of the captaincy, and James Ward-Prowse will take over until the end of the current season. Sky Sports' Lyall Thomas reports that this is because of his decision to publicly discuss his wish to play at a higher level.  Hojbjerg further admitted in the same interview in May that his ambition is to win the Premier League and Champions League. He explained: "I know what I want, the club knows it too. I want to play at an even higher level than I am currently. "The relationship between me and Southampton is fantastic. The club gave me the platform to grow. I'm not saying 'goodbye' and I'm focused on my club, but my goal is very clear: I want to win the Premier League and the Champions League."
