Football transfer rumours: Messi to MLS nears; Chelsea & Liverpool eye Spanish starlet
Jun 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-messi-mls-chelsea-liverpool-7-6-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Inter Miami have agreed a deal with Lionel Messi to sign the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner ahead of Barcelona. Former teammate Sergio Busquets will also join him in Florida. (90min) Chelsea have joined Liverpool and Barcelona in the hunt to sign Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga, who recently scored twice against the Blaugrana to keep Celta in La Liga. (Guardian) Bayern Munich have slapped a €100m price tag on flying full back Alphonso Davies, who has been linked with Real Madrid. (TZ) Arsenal face competition from Roma for midfielder Youri Tielemans, who will leave Leicester at the end of his contract this summer. (Gianluca Di Marzio) The Gunners' contract talks with defender William Saliba are progressing well as the Premier League side look to ward off interest from Paris Saint-Germain. (Sky Sports) Real Madrid are close to reaching a contract extension agreement with attacking midfielder Brahim Diaz, who spent the season on loan at AC Milan, and plan to make him an important part of their squad in 2023/24. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Bayern Munich want to include a player in their bid to sign Barcelona winger Raphinha, though any deal wouldn't include Joshua Kimmich. (Fichajes) Donny can de Beek could leave Manchester United this summer in search of regular game time following a botched move from Ajax in 2020. (Fabrizio Romano) AC Milan are keen on Christian Pulisic, who is expected to leave Chelsea during a summer of change at Stamford Bridge. (Relevo) Manchester United could sell as many as eight first team squad regulars, including Anthony Martial, Fred, Dean Henderson and Scott McTominay. (Mirror) Lille and USMNT star Timothy Weah is on the verge of completing an £8.6m move to Juventus. (Goal)
