Man Utd set to announce Edinson Cavani contract extension
May 10, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-set-announce-edinson-cavani-contract-extension
Manchester United have ‘completed’ their agreement with striker Edinson Cavani to trigger a 12-month extension clause in his contract, ensuring that the popular veteran will remain with the club for a second season following an impressive debut year. Nothing has been made public just yet but an official announcement is expected soon. Cavani had been heavily linked with a return to South America and a transfer to Boca Juniors after his own father had remarked that the player was ‘uncomfortable’ in England. But it was first suggested earlier this month that the 34-year-old had made up his mind to remain at Old Trafford and journalist Fabrizio Romano has now reported that the contract extension is ‘signed’ and can be considered a ‘confirmed and done deal’. Edinson Cavani has signed his contract extension with Manchester United, here we go! ??? #MUFCThe agreement has been completed, Cavani has accepted to stay after Man Utd board and Solskjaer were pushing to keep him. Confirmed and done deal. ? #ManUtd #Cavani Critics were sceptical of Cavani’s arrival at Old Trafford on the delayed summer deadline day last October. The Uruguayan had been a free agent since June after failing to agree a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain and hadn’t played since the 2019/20 French season was cancelled in March. The signing was dismissed as a desperate one on United’s part, likening it to Radamel Falcao’s failed spell on loan in 2014/15, but Cavani has emphatically proved doubters wrong. His goal that sealed a 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Sunday, helping to mathematically guarantee United’s top four place and Champions League qualification, was his 15th for the club. Cavani has scored five times in United’s last three Europa League games alone, as well as getting a hat-trick of assists in the semi-final first leg thrashing of Roma. Yet it is not just his performances that have been an asset for the club, with his influence on younger attackers also a big plus.
