Casemiro agrees personal terms with Man Utd & set to undergo medical
Aug 19, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/casemiro-agrees-personal-terms-man-utd-medical
Manchester United have agreed personal terms in principle with Casemiro and are moving closer to signing the Brazilian midfielder from Real Madrid, 90min understands. United have moved for the 30-year-old multiple-time Champions League winner this week, and are set to pay €60m plus €10m in add-ons to complete the deal. The transfer is expected to finalise in the coming days and a medical is expected to take place over the next 24 hours. 90min reported on Thursday afternoon that the player was to be offered a five-year deal - the make-up of the contract now being four years with an option of a 12-month extension. He is set to earn as much as £400,000 a week, inclusive of bonuses. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Casemiro was not feeling marginalised in Madrid following the signings of Aurelien Tchouameni and Eduardo Camavinga over the last year, but is keen for a new adventure after winning everything there is to win at club level with Los Blancos. Real had planned with the player for the new season, but Casemiro has held a desire to play in England for some time and has jumped at the opportunity - even with United currently bottom of the Premier League table after two matches. Real's respect for Casemiro and his wishes has made the deal relatively simple to progress on, and they have not wanted to stand in his way. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti confirmed as such while speaking to press on Friday morning, saying on the transfer: "We’ve spoken this morning. He wants to try a new challenge, a new opportunity. I understand this, also the club does. "Because of what he's done for this club and for this team, we need to be respectful of this. There are negotiations between the clubs. He is still a Real Madrid player but it looks like now he is willing to depart. "We didn't try to convince him to stay. I respect him." Casemiro will not be available to play in United's next Premier League fixture against Liverpool, though he may make his debut in next weekend's trip to Southampton.
