West Ham agree deal with Burnley for Maxwel Cornet
Aug 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-agree-deal-with-burnley-for-maxwel-cornet
West Ham United are closing in on the signing of Maxwel Cornet after agreeing to pay the £17.5m release clause in his Burnley contract, 90min can confirm. The Hammers have been pretty active in the transfer window so far, bringing in the likes of Gianluca Scamacca and Nayef Aguerd, but they are seeking further reinforcements in a bid to push for another top-six Premier League finish. Signing a player of significant quality to operate on the left flank has been a particular priority for manager David Moyes, and the need to bring somebody in further intensified on Wednesday after Arthur Masuaku was allowed to join Besiktas on loan. Eintracht Frankfurt's Filip Kostic has been the club's primary transfer target, but the Serb - who has Champions League football on offer in Germany and has just a year remaining on his contract - hasn't been fully convinced by the prospect of moving to London Stadium - Inter and Juventus are also interested. Although a deal is not completely off the table, Kostic's reluctance to join has led Moyes and head of recruitment Rob Newman back to versatile winger Cornet, who they first expressed an interest in signing soon after Burnley's relegation to the Championship. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! 90min understands that West Ham, who would have preferred to pay in instalments had the Clarets' hierarchy been open to such a deal, have agreed to pay Cornet's £17.5m release clause in full, and they have seen off competition from half a dozen other Premier League clubs to get a deal done -  Newcastle, Everton, Nottingham Forest, Leeds, Wolves and Brighton the teams keen.
