Fenerbahce 'Approach' West Ham Over Loan Deal for Manuel Lanzini 
Aug 30, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/fenerbahce-west-ham-loan-deal-manuel-lanzini
In one of the most predictable transfer rumours of the window so far, Fenerbahce are reported to have approached West Ham about a loan deal for midfielder Manuel Lanzini. Injuries have restricted Lanzini's ability to live up to the high expectations that were thrust upon him when he joined the Irons permanently in 2016. His three assists in 25 appearances last season hardly set the heather alight, and with David Moyes' team looking to raise funds for a minor squad overhaul this summer, he is one who has been touted for a potential departure.  His dwindling form and questionable fitness record means interest in the 27-year-old is at an all-time low, however, and it seems West Ham will do well to find a buyer. TEAMtalk report that Turkish heavyweights Fenerbahce, who recently added former Hammer Enner Valencia to their ranks, are one team who have made an approach.  Happy birthday @manulanzini! ?? pic.twitter.com/ZP6p3nUKrh Their bid is said to have been less than convincing, however. West Ham's preference is to sell in order to free up some wiggle room in the budget, so Fener's offer of an initial loan was not enticing.  Lanzini himself, just coming into the prime years of his career, isn't thought to be keen on a move to the Turkish Super Lig either. It seems he would rather stay and fight for his place in London, rather than move to a league which is widely viewed as a graveyard for over-the-hill players looking for a final payday.  Papiss Cisse and Demba Ba - both 35 -were among the top scorers in Turkey's top division last term.  It seems West Ham's bid to raise some funds this summer is proving more difficult than anticipated. Their prospects of selling Sebastian Haller have also taken a blow, after 90min reported on Sunday that the French striker has rejected a move to Hertha BSC, in favour of staying with the Premier League club. 
