Chelsea have enquiries for midfield trio rejected
Jan 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-have-enquiries-midfield-trio-rejected
Chelsea have had enquiries for Moises Caicedo, Yves Bissouma and Franck Kessie rejected this week, 90min understands. The Blues have spent an incredible amount of money since the Todd Boehly-led acquisition from the club from Roman Abramovich was completed at the end of May. Mykhailo Mudryk, Wesley Fofana and Marc Cucurella have all cost Chelsea well in excess of £50m, while the two-time Champions League winners have also lavishly spent on Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Benoit Badiashile among others. 90min revealed on Thursday that a deal worth £35m for PSV Eindhoven winger Noni Madueke has also been agreed, and he's set to undergo a medical with the club before putting pen to paper on a long-term contract. But Chelsea's spending will not stop there, as they look to reverse an alarming Premier League slump under Graham Potter that has left them in tenth place - 19 points behind leaders Arsenal and ten behind fourth-placed Newcastle. One area Chelsea are desperate to strengthen in is central midfield, and their interest in Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo has been well documented. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week's agenda includes Jude Bellingham, Harry Kane, Declan Rice, Hakim Ziyech, Leandro Trossard, Pedro Porro, Mykhaylo Mudryk and more! If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Brighton are adamant they are not interested in selling the Ecuadorian, though, and such is their desire to keep hold of Caicedo they have asserted that no amount of money will convince them to part ways - Chelsea had suggested a deal of £55m plus add-ons but that was swiftly rejected. Interest in Tottenham midfielder Yves Bissouma stems from his days working under Potter and his Chelsea coaching staff at Brighton, but sources have told 90min Antonio Conte's side have absolutely no interest in negotiating a deal after an enquiry was made. The Malian isn't yet a regular starter at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, but the club believe he has a lot to offer in the future and Bissouma himself is happy at the club. Franck Kessie's future at Barcelona has been called into question in recent days, with speculation mounting that a swap deal involving Inter's Marcelo Brozovic could be on the cards.
