Leicester Make Ambitious Loan Offer for Barcelona's Francisco Trincao
Aug 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-city-barcelona-francisco-trincao
Leicester City have 'offered' to take Francisco Trincao on loan for two seasons from Barcelona, with an obligation to sign him for £45m. Trincao - who can play anywhere across the front line, but operates primarily as a winger - signed for Barcelona back in January, with the Catalan giants agreeing to pay €31m for his services.  As part of the deal, the 20-year-old would make the switch on 1 July, but due to the break caused by the coronavirus, the two clubs reached an agreement to allow Trincao to stay with Braga until the Portuguese season was complete.  The English club that is trying to get Francisco Trincão from Barcelona is Leicester.The first bid was a loan with obligation to buy for €50M total.Still no agreement with Barça and many clubs interested - but talks are on. Atalanta not in the race atm. ??? #LCFC #Barça With the 2019/20 campaign now complete for Braga, it means Trincao can join up with his new teammates. However, the Guardian now report that he is already attracting interest from a number of clubs, mot notably Leicester. The Foxes are 'trying' to sign the player, who has a contract with La Blaugrana until 2025 and a buyout clause of €500m, and have made a two-year loan offer with an obligation to buy for £45m (€50m). Of course, Barça's financial difficulties have been well documented in recent times due to the coronavirus pandemic, with the likes of Philippe Coutinho, Ousmane Dembele, Ivan Rakitic and numerous others all being linked with moves away as a result. Even Martin Braithwaite could be on his way out of the club, with it being said talks over a move to West Ham are at an advanced stage.  However, the Guardian note that should it prove too challenging to offload some of these players, they will 'consider' a deal to allow Trincao to leave. But at this moment in time, there is no agreement. While Leicester have made the most effort to sign the Portuguese forward, they could face 'significant competition' from elsewhere. 
