Football transfer rumours: Liverpool handed Bellingham hope; PSG's plan to replace Messi
Apr 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-handed-bellingham-hope-psg-plan-replace-messi-23-4-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool will re-open negotiations over Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham if a close friend of Jurgen Klopp, Slaven Stanic, succeeds in becoming Dortmund's new sports' co-ordinator. (Christian Falk) Manchester United executives travelled to Italy to watch Napoli striker Victor Osimhen in action last week as they prepare a big-money move for a new forward. (Daily Star) Contact has been made between Real Madrid and Chelsea forward Kai Havertz, with Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund also on Los Blancos' radar. (Fichajes) Coming in at Chelsea could be Athletico Paranaense youngster Vitor Roque. The Blues, alongside Arsenal, are not ahead of Barcelona because the Catalan side are unable to get involved in a bidding war. (Mundo Deportivo) Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to let Lionel Messi leave the club this summer and begin a new strategy focused on recruiting young French talents, rather than star names. Barcelona want to bring the Argentine back to Camp Nou. (Daily Mirror) To make space for Messi, Barcelona could listen to offers for winger Raphinha, who is of interest to Newcastle. (Mundo Deportivo) feed Barcelona also want to sign Chelsea duo Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and N'Golo Kante on free transfers this summer. (Daily Mirror) Aston Villa are readying a £55m double swoop for Manchester City duo Kyle Walker and Kalvin Phillips. (Football Insider) Left-back has been identified as an area of possible improvement for Man City, who have identified Brentford's Aaron Hickey as a £30m target. (Scottish Sun) Another Scottish full-back, Kieran Tierney of Arsenal, could be on the move as Newcastle are confident of getting a £30m deal done. (Sun) Tottenham have voiced an interest in signing Rennes centre-back Loic Bade, who is shining on loan with Sevilla. (Daily Mirror)
