Inter Miami Confirm Signing of Striker Gonzalo Higuain
Sep 18, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-miami-confirm-signing-of-striker-gonzalo-higuain
Inter Miami have confirmed the arrival of former Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain, marking the end of a 13-year spell in Europe for the ex-Argentine international. Higuain joins former Juve teammate Blaise Matuidi at the Florida franchise, who are co-owned by David Beckham and embarking on their debut MLS season in 2020. Without further ado…Welcome to Inter Miami, Gonzalo Higuaín! pic.twitter.com/tZ8uPkbqeq 32-year-old Higuain has scored over 330 career goals at club and international to date and will add firepower to a side that struggled when the season began. Inter lost each of the first five MLS games they ever played earlier this year and didn’t pick up a first win until the delayed regular season resumed in August after the ‘MLS is Back’ mini-tournament. Since then, they have collected more points but still sit bottom of the Eastern Conference. Higuain’s older brother Federico, 35, is already playing in MLS and has been since 2012. He signed with D.C. United in March, having previously spent eight seasons with Columbus Crew. Although born in France, where his father, another professional footballer, was based at the time, Higuain was raised in his family’s native Argentina. But he made the journey back to Europe when he joined Real Madrid from River Plate aged just 19 in January 2007. The player found his feet in Madrid by 2008 and scored regularly for Los Blancos until he was sold in 2013. At that point he joined Napoli in Serie A and stayed among the goals – his phenomenal return of 36 league goals in 2015/16 was the most any player had managed in Italy’s top flight since 1929. It also matched the all-time Serie A single season record and prompted Juventus to pay €90m for his services. His spell in Turin still yielded goals, but 2018 saw the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo and Higuain was loaned out to AC Milan and later Chelsea.
