Miralem Pjanić Arrives for Barcelona Medical Ahead of Arthur Swap Deal
Jun 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/miralem-pjanic-arthur-arrive-for-medicals-ahead-of-barcelona-juventus-swap-deal
Miralem Pjanić and Arthur have both arrived at Juventus' medical facilities ahead of the proposed swap deal between I Bianconeri and Barcelona. Quique Sétien's side have surprisingly agreed a deal to send Arthur to Juventus in exchange for Pjanić and around €10m, leaving many fans around the world scratching their heads. Regardless of how supporters feel, Barcelona are pressing on with the deal. Sport revealed late on Saturday that Arthur had travelled to Turin with a club doctor to conduct a medical, with that same doctor scheduled to look at Pjanić later on. As noted by Goal's Romeo Agresti, Pjanić has now arrived for his medical and is seemingly edging closer to becoming the newest Barcelona player. Once Arthur's test is done on Sunday, he is expected to fly back to Barcelona later in the day to join back up with his squad. He will also remain at Camp Nou to complete the Champions League this summer before moving to Juventus in September.  ? A post shared by  Arthur Melo (@arthurhmelo) on Dec 19, 2019 at 12:48pm PST Both clubs are rushing to get the deal finalised before 30 June to ensure it counts as part of the current financial year, so a formal announcement is expected fairly quickly assuming neither player encounters any problems during their medicals. Juventus boss Maurizio Sarri is keen to build his team around Arthur, in a similar mould to Jorginho in his Napoli and Chelsea sides, and offloading Pjanić to finance close to €60m of the deal seems like a stroke of genius. Despite retaining his place as a regular starter this season, Pjanić has underwhelmed for much of the campaign - and the fact that he has just turned 30 means his value will only decline from this point onwards. In his place, 23-year-old Arthur is expected to be handed the regular minutes he has long been looking for and will provide Juventus with a long-term building block.
