Real Madrid Offer Imminent for Starlet Eduardo Camavinga - But Rennes Determined Not to Sell
Jun 5, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-offer-imminent-for-starlet-eduardo-camavinga-but-rennes-determined-not-to-sell-01ea1re2mmk0
Stade Rennais are adamant they won't sell midfielder Eduardo Camavinga for any price this summer - but that doesn't seem to have stopped Real Madrid from stepping up their interest in the starlet's signature.  The 17-year-old is fast developing into a freakish talent, and started all but two of the games for which he was available in the Ligue 1 season that was. His contributions from the base of midfield helped the side from Brittany secure a third-placed finish, and it seems half of Europe - the half with money - see him as a potential fixture of their side for years to come.   Black Lives Matter ✊?✊?✊?✊? A post shared by  Eduardo Camavinga (@e.cama10) on Jun 2, 2020 at 4:27am PDT Liverpool and Manchester United have both been linked since the turn of the year, but it's Los Blancos' interest which has been the most persistently reported. It was even claimed in Spain earlier this week that the player has 'chosen' Real as his next destination', due to his admiration for countryman and current Real boss Zinedine Zidane.  With that in mind, it seems the 13-time European Cup winners will test the waters with a bid in the foreseeable future. This time it's French outlet RMC with the story, claiming that Real are 'stepping up their interest' and could make an offer 'in the coming weeks' - with a view to securing the player before he becomes even more valuable to his current side.  RMC quote a source as saying: "He is the future star in midfield in Europe. We want him to keep him ten years at the club. This is our priority. It is better to buy it this summer as next season, where it will have played in the Champions League and will be worth twice as much. "   ⚽️ ❤️ A post shared by  Eduardo Camavinga (@e.cama10) on Apr 13, 2020 at 5:18am PDT
