Mohamed Salah's agent speaks out on PSG transfer rumours
Jun 16, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/mohamed-salah-agent-psg-transfer-rumours
The agent of Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has hit back at reports claiming the Egyptian met with Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi recently. French outlet Sports Zone recently claimed that Salah held a meeting with Al-Khelaifi in Morocco, even going as far as to state that contact between the two has been near-constant since the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. The report found its way to Salah's agent, Ramy Abbas Issa, who wasted little time in publicly shooting it down. "He did not [meet him]. That’s the short story," he said on Twitter. Abbas has previously dismissed rumours of a link between Salah and Al-Khelaifi, tweeting back in January: "There isn’t enough shaming of people/outlets who confidently report on stories with ‘hard facts’ which then turn out to be garbage and just random stabs in the dark." 31-year-old Salah signed a new contract at Liverpool last summer to tie himself to the club until 2025 and the Reds are not interested in parting ways with their top scorer. feed As for PSG, they remain on the hunt for attacking reinforcements at the start of a summer which could yield astronomical changes in the French capital. Lionel Messi has already departed the club and sealed a move to Inter Miami, while Kylian Mbappe's recent letter confirming his decision not to trigger the extension in his contract could see the French superstar sold for the right price as well. Manchester City's Bernardo Silva is among the targets for PSG, who could pursue the Portugal international after he informed City of his desire to leave this summer. The focus on Merseyside, meanwhile, is reinforcing Jurgen Klopp's squad with central midfielders as Liverpool bid to assemble a squad capable of getting back into the Premier League title mix. Alexis Mac Allister has already joined from Brighton on a long-term contract, with Nice's Khephren Thuram and Gladbach's Manu Kone two other high-profile targets.
