Tottenham braced for Chelsea interest in Harry Kane
Apr 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-braced-chelsea-man-utd-interest-harry-kane
Tottenham Hotspur are anticipating that Chelsea will show an interest in signing Harry Kane this summer, sources have told 90min. Kane's contract at Spurs runs until 2024 and talks over a new one are on hold until the club appoint a permanent head coach. 90min has long reported that Tottenham are confident of securing the 29-year-old's long-term future and this remains the case. However, that doesn't mean that Spurs aren't anticipating a flurry of transfer interest in their star striker. Sources have confirmed to 90min that while Tottenham have not been contacted by teams regarding Kane just yet, they are anticipating that Chelsea and Manchester United will at some point make their interest formally known. The Blues are on the verge of appointing Mauricio Pochettino, who played a huge role in Kane's development during his five-and-a-half years at Spurs, as their new head coach. Pochettino has often suggested that Kane saved his Tottenham career after he scored the winning goal in a late 2-1 victory at Aston Villa early in his reign. Chelsea - among the Premier League's lowest scorers this season with only 30 in 32 games - are in the market for a striker, with Napoli's Victor Osimhen at the top of their shortlist. feed Meanwhile, Man Utd fans chanted 'we'll see you in June' to Kane during Thursday's 2-2 draw at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, which Kane acknowledged when talking to the press post-match. "I heard what they were saying, but I'm just focused on this team and trying to finish [the season] strongly," he said. 90min previously reported that Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain are ready to pursue Kane as they believe he would be willing to move to mainland Europe. Kane is enjoying a superb statistical season despite Spurs' various woes - only Erling Haaland has more Premier League goals this term, while he is now Tottenham and England's all-time leading scorer. LISTEN NOW
