Nottingham Forest hold talks over Sergio Reguilon loan
Aug 22, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/nottingham-forest-hold-talks-sergio-reguilon-loan
Nottingham Forest have held talks with Tottenham over a loan deal for left-back Sergio Reguilon, 90min can confirm. The Spaniard, who is currently injured, was a regular in Spurs' first team last season but appears to have tumbled down the pecking order this year under Antonio Conte, who is utilising Ryan Sessegnon at wing-back and added competition through the signing of Ivan Perisic. With his future uncertain, sources have confirmed to 90min that Reguilon was the subject of recent talks between Spurs and Forest, who remain keen to find more left-back cover this summer. Omar Richards joined from Bayern Munich earlier this summer but is dealing with a hairline leg fracture, leaving fellow new face Harry Toffolo as the only senior option in the left-back position. Real Betis' Alex Moreno recently rejected a move to Forest and now the Premier League newcomers have cast a glance at Reguilon, with a possible loan move to the City Ground on the cards. Reguilon was also of interest to West Ham recently amid uncertainty over their pursuit of Chelsea's Emerson, but talks with the Italian are back on and David Moyes' side are currently prioritising that move. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Forest have already made 16 new signings this summer and they are by no means done yet, with plans to add at least two more players to bolster Steve Cooper's defence. One of those new signings, centre-back Moussa Niakhate, is set for months on the sidelines with a hamstring injury and 90min understands that talks have been held with Wolves over bringing in Willy Boly as his replacement.
