Bayer Leverkusen Boss Not Expecting Kai Havertz to Return After International Break
Aug 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayer-leverkusen-boss-not-expecting-kai-havertz-to-return-after-international-break-chelsea-transfer
Bayer Leverkusen manager Peter Bosz has admitted that he is not expecting Kai Havertz to train with the club again, with Chelsea closing in on a deal to sign the German. Havertz is one of Frank Lampard's top targets for the summer window and the two sides have been in talks for months over a deal which could be worth close to the £90m mark. A breakthrough was made last week but things have since gone quiet, leaving some Blues fans fretting. 11.06 Uhr: Kai #Havertz has joined @DFB_Team! @SPORT1 #Chelsea pic.twitter.com/3H10rvOTCB The 21-year-old has left the Leverkusen camp to join up with the German national team, and Bosz admitted in a press conference that Havertz has probably had his final training session with the club before joining Chelsea. "I don’t expect [Kevin] Volland and Havertz to train with us again," he confessed. "It’s possible more players will transfer. We definitely still have to add some players.” Transfer guru Fabrizio Romano joined in the fun soon after, reiterating that Chelsea's deal to sign Havertz is effectively done and it's now just a case of giving the two sides enough time to finalise the paperwork. Havertz and Germany are set to face Spain in the UEFA Nations League on Thursday before a meeting with Switzerland three days later, after which it appears as though Havertz will be on his way to Stamford Bridge. Sky Sports News add that the German is keen to seal the move as soon as possible, with Lampard also keen to welcome Havertz into the fold to help his preparations for the new season. Havertz is set to become Lampard's sixth senior addition to his squad this summer, following Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Ben Chilwell, Thiago Silva and Malang Sarr through the door at the Bridge, while former Barcelona centre-back Xavier Mbuyamba has also been added to the academy.
