Transfer rumours: Liverpool want Mount; Arsenal eye Rabiot
Nov 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-liverpool-want-mount-arsenal-eye-rabiot-18-11-2022
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea are continuing contract talks with Mason Mount, but they have yet to reach an agreement and a number of top European clubs are monitoring the situation. Liverpool and Juventus are just two sides interested in the midfielder should he become available. (Guardian) Another midfielder on Liverpool's radar is Jude Bellingham, with the Reds optimistically hoping that they can agree a transfer during the January window. (Football Insider) Leicester City are hopeful of agreeing a new contract with Youri Tielemans to prevent him leaving on a free transfer when his current deal expires in the summer. The likes of Arsenal, Manchester United and Barcelona have all been linked with a move. (Daily Mail) Cristiano Ronaldo has revealed that he turned down an offer to join a club in Saudi Arabia earlier this year as he had no desire to leave Manchester United at that time. (Talk TV) Tottenham have joined Barcelona and Real Madrid in the race to sign Sporting CP wing-back Pedro Porro, who they faced earlier this season in the Champions League. (Jornal de Noticias) Erling Haaland's agent has revealed that his camp have a 'plan' in place for his career. Despite only just joining Manchester City in the summer, he has already been touted with a move to Real Madrid in the future. (Marca) Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey in the latest episode of Talking Transfers, discussing Cristiano Ronaldo's interview and his future, Man Utd's interest in Cody Gakpo, plus the latest on Endrick and Rafael Leao. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Hakim Ziyech is hoping to leave Chelsea in January and will use the World Cup as a chance to impress suitors, holding out for a move to AC Milan. (Calcio Mercato) Arsenal are considering a cut-price deal to sign Adrien Rabiot from Juventus in January, though the France midfielder has already admitted he is happy in Turin and has no regrets about rejecting a Premier League move to Manchester United back in the summer. (Calcio Mercato)
