Man City CEO rules out Bernardo Silva sale this summer
Aug 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-city-ceo-rules-out-bernardo-silva-sale-this-summer
Manchester City chief executive Ferran Soriano has closed the door on Bernardo Silva leaving the club before the transfer deadline amid ongoing links with Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. Barcelona have been particularly chasing Silva this summer and City were forced to deny reports from the Catalan press in July that a transfer agreement had been reached. Silva has remained a star on the pitch for City in recent years, playing a key role in multiple Premier League title triumphs. Despite being happy playing for the club, he first grew unsettled off the pitch as far back as 2020 during the UK’s first Covid-19 lockdown and began angling for a move. The issue of his future in Manchester has been a repeated theme in subsequent summers, but City have stood firm this year, with no desire to let him leave. Now, City official Soriano, who was previously a vice-president at Barcelona, has said as much publicly during an appearance on Què T'hi Jugues on SER Catalunya radio, ruling anything out for now on the basis that there wouldn’t be sufficient time to find a replacement. "It's too late to talk about entrances and exits,” Soriano explained. Silva himself spoke about his future earlier this month and it is believed that he would ultimately like to join Barcelona at some point. “I've been open with [Man City] and they know what I want. If I stay, I'm very happy, and will always respect this club and give my best. If not, it's football and we'll just see what happens,” he said. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
