Kai Havertz's Teammate Admits Chelsea Target 'Dreams of Playing' in the Premier League 
Jul 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/kai-havertz-s-teammate-admits-chelsea-target-dreams-of-the-premier-league
Bayer Leverkusen star Wendell has revealed that teammate Kai Havertz 'dreams of playing' in the Premier League, and has backed the midfielder to be a 'success' should a move to England materialise this summer. Havertz excelled in Germany over the course of the 2019/20 campaign, and his outstanding performances have caught the eye of several top English clubs. In fact, his 12 goals and six assists have thrust him onto Chelsea's radar, who are hoping to couple him with the already confirmed arrival of striker Timo Werner.  And the 21-year-old may indeed by destined for the Premier League, after Leverkusen teammate Wendell told The Guardian that the starlet is 'a complete player' who would be a 'success' in England, if he decides to take that leap from the Bundesliga.  “He’s a complete player. If you play him as a No 9, as a No 10 a little bit behind, or out wide, he will know what to do. He understands what the manager wants. He finishes well with both feet," Wendell said. "He’s strong with his head. He has good technique. Psychologically, the Germans are very focused people. They are very concentrated on what they want.  "If he goes to the Premier League, he will learn a lot. I think Kai dreams of playing there. He has that desire. If he decides to play in England, he will be a success.” Havertz is seemingly not the only Bundesliga star to be tempted by the allure of the Premier League. The Leverkusen starlet would already be following in the footsteps of Werner, who opted to leave RB Leipzig at the end of this season to join Chelsea, while Bayern midfielder Thiago Alcantara is believed to be keen on a switch to new champions Liverpool. Another player who is desperate to make an impact on Merseyside is Jonjoe Kenny. The Everton full-back has spent the past season on loan at German giants Schalke, but he admitted to 90min that he too is keen to test himself back in the Premier League.
