Atletico Madrid Join Bayern Munich in Race for Tariq Lamptey
Nov 9, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/atletico-madrid-join-the-bayern-munich-in-race-for-tariq-lamptey
Atletico Madrid have joined the growing list of clubs interested in Brighton wing-back Tariq Lamptey, with Bayern Munich and Sevilla also potentially keen on a transfer.  The 20-year-old has made just 15 appearances for the Seagulls since signing from Chelsea in the January window, but his impressive performances have caught the eye of some of Europe's elite sides.  Lamptey was first linked with Bayern last month, with the European champions said to be looking to provide cover for Benjamin Pavard on the right side of defence, having missed out on Sergiño Dest to Barcelona. According to the Daily Mail, La Liga duo Atletico Madrid and Sevilla have joined the list of clubs 'monitoring' the Englishman. Atleti are no stranger to English full backs, with 30-year-old Kieran Trippier currently the clubs first choice. The former Spurs stars contract expires in 2022, while Diego Simeone does not have a natural ready-made successor in his squad currently. Europa League holders Sevilla too could be in the market for a full back like Lamptey, with Jesus Navas turning 35 this month. Tariq Lamptey should be in the net England senior squad. If England are persisting with three at the back, then I'm not sure there is a better right wing-back at the moment. However, Graham Potter is keen to fend off any interest from abroad by tying down Lamptey to a new contract at the Amex Stadium.  The England under-21 international signed a three-year contract when he first joined, but the former Swansea City boss wants to open talks on a new and improved deal as soon as after the next international break.  The defender scored his first senior goal as Brighton lost 2-1 to Tottenham. His side-footed finish levelled things up in north London before Gareth Bale's winner stole the show.  Lamptey's strike meant the youngster has now bagged one goal and provided three assists for his side in just seven Premier League appearances so far this season. 
