Bayern Munich's Harry Kane meeting with Tottenham postponed
Jul 28, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-harry-kane-meeting-tottenham-postponed
Bayern Munich's proposed meeting with Tottenham to discuss the future of striker Harry Kane has been postponed, 90min understands. Two weeks after holding an initial meeting with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy, Bayern officials were due to fly into London on Friday for further talks with Levy, with a group led by CEO Jan-Christian Dreesen and technical director Marco Neppe expected in England. However, sources have confirmed to 90min that the Bayern representatives did not make the trip and the meeting with Levy has now been rescheduled. Instead, the two clubs are expected to meet next week to continue their negotiations over Kane's future. Bayern have already seen two bids turned down for Kane but remain determined to lure the England international over to the Allianz Arena, and there is a confidence in Germany that a deal will be done eventually. feed Levy has so far refused to name an asking price or offer any indication that he would be prepared to accept a bid for Kane, although Spurs owner Joe Lewis is understood to have warned Levy that not cashing in on the striker would be a mistake if he does not want to extend his contract. A club-record bid is expected to arrive from Bayern imminently - one that will top the €80m (£68.4m at current conversion) paid to Atletico Madrid for Lucas Hernandez back in 2019. Kane's representatives are understood to have discussed personal terms with the Bundesliga champions, with a broad agreement over basics reached, but Bayern still face a real battle to convince Levy to sell. Kane has entered the final year of his contract, thus far showing little inclination to ink fresh terms. But Spurs remain confident that the 30-year-old, who has 213 Premier League goals to his name and is the club's record goalscorer, will commit his future to the club once more, leading the club into a new era under new head coach Ange Postecoglou.
