Bayern Munich Sign Leroy Sane From Manchester City on Five-Year Deal
Jul 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-sign-leroy-sane-from-manchester-city-on-five-year-deal
Bayern Munich have signed long-term target Leroy Sane from Manchester City on a five-year deal. The forward had long been linked with a move to Bavaria and will join the Bundesliga champions immediately, meaning he will not feature for City for the rest of the season. #ServusLeroy ?⚪#FCBayern #MiaSanMia @LeroySane19 pic.twitter.com/ZgxpMXg8mR The 24-year-old departs the Etihad Stadium as a two-time Premier League and League Cup winner - and also boasts a 2019 FA Cup medal. Overall, he made 135 appearances for the Citizens, scooping the PFA Young Player of the year award at the end of the 2017/2018 campaign. Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic revealed his delight at finally getting his man in a statement released on the club's website.  “We’re delighted Leroy is to be a Bayern player. Leroy is a difference-maker and will strengthen our team with his quality. With Serge Gnabry, Kingsley Coman and Leroy, we’re now even better equipped at a very high level in the wide positions that are important for our game.  Leroy Sane has joined Bayern Munich. #ThankYouLeroyhttps://t.co/FwlHmoCJTT "I would like to thank Manchester City for the trusting and constructive negotiations. I would also like to thank our president and chairman of the supervisory board, Herbert Hainer, who supported us with this transfer right from the start under the difficult circumstances of coronavirus." Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said: “We’re very happy to welcome Leroy Sané to FC Bayern. He is an outstanding player who has proven his qualities over the past few years, especially in the national team. Our goal is to gather the best German players at FC Bayern and the signing of Leroy emphasises this goal.  "I would like to congratulate Hasan Salihamidžić on successfully concluding the transfer." Sane expressed similar excitement at the move, rumoured to be costing Bayern around €60m with €49m being paid up front and the rest add-ons.  Nah Alphonso Davies and Leroy Sane on Bayern’s left side for the next decade is some kind of sick joke on everyone else isn’t it https://t.co/ArA9J99rOw “FC Bayern is a great club with big goals - and these goals suit me as well. I'm looking forward to the new challenge and can't wait to train with the team. I know Hansi Flick from the U21 national team, we had a very good relationship there. I want to win as many trophies as possible with FC Bayern, and the Champions League is the top priority," he said. City Director of Football Txiki Begiristain added: "From arriving as a fledgling young talent four years ago, we are proud of the contribution Leroy has made since joining Manchester City. He leaves with many friends and fond memories of his time at the Etihad."
