Chelsea closing in on Nicolas Jackson agreement with Villarreal
Jun 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-close-nicolas-jackson-transfer-agreement-villarreal
Chelsea are closing in on an agreement to sign Villarreal striker Nicolas Jackson, 90min can confirm. Personal terms have been agreed with the 21-year-old Senegal international, who ended last season with nine goals in his final eight La Liga games, and talks are on with Villarreal over a transfer fee. Jackson's contract contains a release clause which sits at around £30m but sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea are likely to strike a deal which would see them pay in instalments, rather than one up-front sum. Villarreal are prepared to accept such a structure. Should all go according to plan, Jackson will become the first signing of the Mauricio Pochettino era at Stamford Bridge. The towering forward was not Chelsea's primary striker option, with the Blues exploring high-profile deals for the likes of Victor Osimhen and Harry Kane previously. But the club's new recruitment team have identified Jackson as a worthwhile target and talks have progressed rapidly. feed 90min understands that interest in Osimhen remains, but Chelsea are aware that Napoli's huge asking price - well over £100m - could prevent a deal being struck. Jackson will join a young group of forwards all looking to impress Pochettino in pre-season. Academy graduate Armando Broja is back after a nasty knee injury ended his campaign six months early, while January signing David Datro Fofana is also seeking further involvement in the senior setup. It remains to be seen whether Kai Havertz will remain with the group as Arsenal and Bayern Munich are both keen to strike a deal. While Chelsea would prefer to keep the German around, their need to raise funds could see them cash in for the right price - thought to be over £60m. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is in talks over a move to Saudi Arabia and Romelu Lukaku also has interest from the Middle East, but the latter is thought to favour a return to Inter.
