Chelsea's plans for Levi Colwill after Brighton loan
Mar 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-plans-levi-colwill-after-brighton-loan
Chelsea are determined to avoid losing young centre-back Levi Colwill on a permanent basis at the end of the season, 90min understands. The 20-year-old joined Brighton on loan last summer to work under current Blues boss Graham Potter, who handed Colwill just two substitute appearances in the early weeks of the season, although further opportunities have been afforded to him under Roberto De Zerbi. Colwill impressed in a run of starts between November and January before being ruled out with an injury, and sources have confirmed to 90min that Brighton have made it clear that they want Colwill back at the Amex Stadium next season. The Seagulls do not have the option to buy Colwill permanently but Chelsea are reluctant to listen to such offers anyway, with Blues officials confident that their academy graduate has a future at the club. The defender, who is being tipped for an England call-up in the near future, has plenty of admirers at Stamford Bridge and may be kept around the club next season, particularly with the futures of Kalidou Koulibaly, Cesar Azpilicueta and Marc Cucurella all uncertain. That being said, Chelsea have spent big on centre-backs under the Todd Boehly-Clearlake Capital ownership, recruiting Koulibaly, Wesley Fofana and Benoit Badiashile for over £150m combined, and there is currently no certainty that Colwill would see regular minutes at Stamford Bridge next season. READ NEXT manual Another loan exit has not been ruled out for Colwill, who remains under contract until 2025, and it is understood that Brighton would be interested in another 12-month deal for the highly rated centre-back. Brighton would pursue a permanent deal for Colwill if he became available, while both Liverpool and Manchester City are keeping a close eye on his situation, but sources have stressed to 90min that Chelsea are currently standing firm and refusing to entertain losing Colwill. Chelsea also have one eye on the future of 38-year-old Thiago Silva, who recently penned a new one-year contract to remain at the club until the summer of 2024. Just how long Silva will remain with Chelsea is unclear, but the veteran Brazilian is undoubtedly in the twilight of his career and the Blues may need somebody like Colwill to replace Silva in the near future. LISTEN NOW
