Barcelona still working on up to 14 deals in final week of summer window
Aug 25, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-still-working-14-deals-final-week-transfers
Barcelona are still working on up to 14 various deals in the final week of the summer transfer window, including offloading players, more potential new signings and contract extensions. The Barça squad has been through considerable upheaval this summer as Xavi attempts to mould a team capable of challenging for trophies despite the enormous financial challenges. Five new signings have been made for more than €150m in total, while the club has managed to move on seven players on permanent deals and has loaned out another five – the most recent of which was Samuel Umtiti joining Lecce until next summer. But it took the triggering of four ‘economic levers’ to raise sufficient spending power under La Liga salary rules to register four of the new signings – Robert Lewandowski, Raphina, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie – plus contract renewals for Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto. Jules Kounde still isn’t registered as Barça officials fight to make space on the wage bill and stay in compliance with La Liga regulations, which ensure clubs only spend within their means by taking into account revenue, operational costs and debt. Overall, SPORT estimates there are still 14 ‘cases’ to be worked on in the coming week. Another five players could still leave. Memphis Depay is likely to be the next, close for a while now to completing a free transfer to Juventus. But Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is a target for Chelsea, while Manchester United still want Frenkie de Jong. There isn’t thought to be a place in Xavi’s plans for Sergino Dest and the club also wants rid of Martin Braithwaite, who is rumoured to be requesting a payout worth €5m to cancel his contract. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Barcelona might not be done with new signings, with Chelsea’s Marcos Alonso a long-term target and plausible signing. Juan Foyth has emerged as a more recent target, although a €42m buyout clause is problematic, while the Bernardo Silva saga continues, with Pep Guardiola now refusing to stand in the player’s way if he is determined to make the move to Camp Nou. Camp Nou officials are still thought to be looking at negotiating further pay cuts with veteran trio Gerard Pique, Sergio Busquets and Jordi Alba, which could provide a boost to spending power.
