Premier League interest grows in Marseille star Bamba Dieng
Aug 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/premier-league-interest-grows-in-marseille-star-bamba-dieng
Premier League clubs including Newcastle, West Ham and Leeds are showing interest in Marseille forward Bamba Dieng, 90min understands. The Senegalese ace, who has been labelled the 'new Sadio Mane' in his homeland, enjoyed an outstanding campaign last season with seven goals playing across the front-line. Newcastle and West Ham both showed an interest in Dieng in January, but the player wanted to remain in France. Now, however, he could be on the move after a change in circumstances. Dieng, who also previously helped Senegal claim the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations, has hardly been involved during pre-season under new Marseille coach Igor Tudor - the Croatian took over from the hugely popular Jorge Sampaoli in the summer. Left out in the cold, the 22-year-old has been determined to force his way into Tudor's plans. But he is not the only player to suffer at the hands of the new boss, with the likes of Gerson, Cengiz Under and Jordan Amavi all being axed by Tudor so far. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The squad have even met with club president Pablo Longoria to discuss concerns around Tudor and his approach. But despite this the club are pushing Dieng towards the exit - with reports that they will look to use the freed up funds to help finance a deal for Alexis Sanchez. On Dieng, Longoria said:  "In football, there is no past, it's now, the next game. We know the player, we know that he has real talent, value. But we must remember the values ​​of modern sport." With news that Dieng might be available for transfer, sources have told 90min that a host of clubs from around Europe are keen on securing a deal. 
