Jurgen Klopp reveals Liverpool transfer stance amid spate of injuries
Aug 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/jurgen-klopp-reveals-liverpool-transfer-stance-spate-of-injuries
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has insisted the Reds will not be tempted to return to the transfer market to address the increasing number of injuries in their squad. Kostas Tsimikas is the latest addition to an injury list which already includes Ibrahima Konate, Caoimhin Kelleher, Curtis Jones, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita and Alisson - the latter of whom is expected to be ready in time for the new Premier League season. With central midfield taking a real hit due to fitness issues, Klopp was asked whether he would be interested in making a new signing before the transfer window closes, but the boss was having none of it. "At the moment, yes, we have too many injuries. That's true," Klopp said. "But nothing has changed. "It's a lot of unlucky situations. It started with Caoimh, it started with Diogo [Jota]. One was injured, the other got a re-injury. Both were with the national team. We tried to step in as early as possible. "In a few weeks, they will be back, but they were not here for pre-season, which is not cool." Liverpool have brought in youngsters Calvin Ramsey and Fabio Carvalho this summer but their main acquisition was £85m striker Darwin Nunez, who endured a tricky pre-season before a dream competitive debut against Manchester City in the Community Shield saw him play a major role in winning the trophy. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Sean Walsh bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Despite that impressive performance, Klopp refused to guarantee that the Uruguay international will be an immediate starter at Anfield. "Darwin is ready but that doesn't mean he has to start," Klopp said. "He needs time to get used to a lot of things but he's already a real help.  "It was a proper pre-season training session for him. He said he was nervous early on. Normal. He's settled quickly. Feels at home."
