Pedro 'Prioritises' Roma Move With Chelsea Exit Looming
Jun 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/pedro-prioritises-roma-move-with-chelsea-exit-looming-01e9xs851znm
With COVID-19's halting of football leagues across Europe severely denting clubs' finances, the opportunity to snap up a seasoned professional without having to part with a transfer fee will not be overlooked. Free signings and swap deals will be the sort of transfers we'll likely see when the transfer window opens, and Chelsea's Pedro could be one of the many names we see linked with sides across the continent.  Hoy es el Día de Canarias! Felicidades a todos mis paisanos, os deseo un feliz día de nuestra tierra. Orgulloso de ser canario! ⠀ ⠀ ?? #FelizDiaDeCanarias A post shared by  Pedro Rodriguez Ledesma (@_pedro17_) on May 30, 2020 at 2:05am PDT His Blues deal is due to expire on 30 June, and just like Willian alongside him, it looks increasingly unlikely he will pen fresh terms in west London. He's currently into his fifth season with the club since joining from Barcelona in 2015, but despite nearing his 33rd birthday, plenty of suitors are still eyeing his signature. It was revealed back in April that Roma had made a move for the veteran Spaniard, with Pedro since confirming he had a lot of offers from clubs, although a Blues stay was not entirely out of the question. Amid other interest from Juventus, Sevilla, Real Betis and Valencia, Il Tempo (via Football Italia), as well as reports in Spain, claim that Pedro has made Roma the 'priority' destination ahead of his expected Blues departure. Roma have been working on a deal to bring Pedro in for a number of weeks, and the latest batch of reports suggest that they've succeeded in their mission to have the forward swap London for Rome. Mornings at Cobham! ☀️ pic.twitter.com/Tnp6vVSGBx Juventus would be the obvious candidate from the options, where he could reunite with former boss Maurizio Sarri, but a lack of regular playing time may have convinced him otherwise.
