Romeo Lavia chooses next club after lengthy Chelsea and Liverpool battle
Aug 14, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/romeo-lavia-chooses-next-club-chelsea-liverpool
Romeo Lavia is to undergo a medical at Chelsea after turning down the chance to join Liverpool, sources have confirmed to 90min. The 19-year-old's future has been the subject of intense speculation for weeks, with a departure from Southampton expected after the club's relegation to the Championship. Chelsea and Liverpool have both been pushing hard to sign Lavia, with the two clubs also doing battle to sign Moises Caicedo from Brighton in a deal that will make the British transfer record currently held by Enzo Fernandez. And just as Caicedo has chosen to move to Stamford Bridge, Lavia has decided his future is also in west London, turning down the opportunity to work under Jurgen Klopp in the process. 90min understands that the Belgian teenager will undergo a medical with Chelsea in the next 24 hours before sealing a move that could eventually be worth £55m to Southampton. feed Caicedo is also set to imminently put pen to paper on an eight-year contract, joining forces with Fernandez and manager Mauricio Pochettino to create one of the most expensively assembled midfields in world football. Liverpool had indicated a willingness to match Chelsea's offer for Lavia, in the hope that he would choose to join the Reds, but they have again been left disappointed in their hunt for a new defensive midfielder. Fabinho has left the club this summer to join Al Ittihad in Saudi Arabia amid a complete overhaul of Liverpool's midfield. Jordan Henderson, Naby Keita, James Milner and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain have also moved on to pastures new, gutting the core of a side that failed to qualify for this season's Champions League. Alexis Mac Allister, Dominik Szoboszlai and Cody Gakpo started in an extremely attacking midfield three in the 1-1 draw with Chelsea on Sunday, though it was clear in that game that Liverpool need a more defensive-minded player to help protect the backline when the ball is turned over.
