Manchester City offer Kyle Walker new contract to fend off Bayern Munich interest
Jul 8, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-offer-kyle-walker-new-contract-bayern-munich
Manchester City have offered a new contract to England defender Kyle Walker to try and convince him to stay at the club this summer, 90min understands. Walker has entered the final 12 months of his current deal and has been targeted by Bayern Munich, who are set for a change at right-back as Benjamin Pavard is keen to leave the Allianz Arena. The 33-year-old is yet to make a decision on his future. Being left out of the starting lineup for the Champions League final is understood to have hurt Walker and sparked questions over his continuation in Manchester. City are keen to see Walker make a decision soon and hope that the veteran defender chooses to stay. Sources have told 90min that the treble winners have extended an offer of a new contract to Walker to try and reaffirm their commitment to him. However, if Walker opts to pursue an exit instead, City will not stand in his way and will listen to offers. feed Walker is Bayern's top priority for their right-back spot although the Bundesliga giants have not yet ruled out a renewed offer for fellow City man Joao Cancelo, who spent the last six months on loan in Bavaria. There is also interest in Walker from Saudi Arabia but the former Tottenham man believes a move to the Middle East could harm his chances of starting for England at Euro 2024. Elsewhere, City have agreed terms with Southampton over the sale of 19-year-old midfielder Shea Charles, who is expected to move to St Mary's for around £10m. The Northern Ireland international made his senior debut off the bench in City's final Premier League game of the season against Brentford. Southampton have also expressed an interest in signing Premier League 2 player of the year Carlos Borges on loan and City are open to a temporary move for the 19-year-old winger, who also has interest from France, Germany and Portugal.
