How footballers qualify for UK work permits following Brexit
Jan 5, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/how-footballers-qualify-uk-work-permits-brexit
The FA has outlined the work permit requirements overseas players from the EU member states will need to meet in order to join clubs across the board in the Premier League, EFL, WSL and Women’s Championship now that the UK has officially left the European Union. Until 1 January 2021, EU nationals did not need a visa and had the freedom to live and work in the UK, and vice versa. But that is no longer the case and the new rules would likely have prevented little-known foreign players like N’Golo Kante from being able to move to England in the past. EU nationals will now be subject to the same rules as all other overseas players, who can sometimes be denied transfers to England because of red tape, and must receive a Governing Body Endorsement (GBE) to qualify - a proposal which has now been signed off by the Home Office. A GBE will be awarded on a points-based system on the following criteria for men’s players: Any player who meets the minimum points threshold will automatically be granted a GBE, which in turn will allow them to obtain the necessary work permit. Anyone who fails to gain enough points can still appeal for a GBE to the Exceptions Panel. The criteria for women’s players are similar, but will only take into account senior international appearances, nor will it look at a selling’s clubs progress in continental competition. Premier League clubs in general are now limited to the number of overseas young players they can bring in during a given season. The cap on that is now three in the January transfer window and six per season going forward. Clubs are also denied the EU perk they previously enjoyed of being able to sign EU nationals from the age of 16 and cannot now sign any overseas players under 18. That freedom previously allowed Arsenal to sign Cesc Fabregas and Hector Bellerin and Manchester United to sign Gerard Pique, Paul Pogba and, as recently as 2019, Hannibal Mejbri.
