Transfer news LIVE: Man City to land Alvarez, Chelsea deal, Arsenal's Vlahovic blow
Jan 21, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/january-transfer-news-live-20220121
Welcome to the 90min Friday live transfer blog - the place that will keep you up to date with all the breaking news throughout the day. Just 11 days of the transfer window remain and there's still plenty of time for signings to be completed across Europe - though as ever, negotiating in January is proving as difficult as ever. Business does seem to be picking up, with a flurry of offers and rumours dominating the day's headlines. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Tanguy Ndombele, Ousmane Dembele and Julian Alvarez were just some of the players in the spotlight today. Recap all the of the news below... Be sure to return to 90min on Saturday for more transfer updates and live blog action. Leeds understandably want to keep Raphinha out of the clutches of Liverpool and other interested clubs. The Daily Star claims that new contract talks have been opened with the Brazilian and that could lead to a ‘bumper offer’ in the next few weeks. #WHUFC have made so many bad signings over the years that I understand extreme caution in the January window.Personally, I’d put those thoughts aside to go and get Adam Hlozek. The kid is outrageously talented and a big European club will pounce before long. pic.twitter.com/xZYK3iZAYJ According to Sky Sports, Zenit St Petersburg striker Sardar Azmoun is catching Burnley’s eye as the Clarets look for a replacement for Chris Wood. Even though his contract is expiring, they could offer £10m to land him before the end of the month. Reports in Spain suggest that Real Madrid have eyes on Ajax starlet Ryan Gravenberch as they consider the long-term future of their midfield without ageing duo Toni Kroos and Luka Modric. The idea that Los Blancos are specifically interested in younger players could rule our approaches for the likes of Paul Pogba or Franck Kessie. Chelsea are set to seal the signing of Derby teenager Dylan Williams. The 18-year-old is a left-sided defender, although despite the injury absence of Ben Chilwell, the youngster will initially be an Under-23 player. Rams boss Wayne Rooney confirmed a deal is going through, although he actually stopped short of naming Chelsea. But widespread reports have identified the Blues as being the club involved. "We have agreed a fee with a Premier League club, still getting finalised as we speak, for Dylan Williams,” he said. Arsenal want Dusan Vlahovic, despite the player not being sold on the club. They’re going to have consider additional options and Sky Sports suggest that the Gunners have an eye on Everton and England striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin. A summer move is far more plausible than one this month, if anything happens at all. Barcelona are said to be monitoring Alex Telles ahead of a potential summer move. That report comes from Fichajes, though they're not particularly reliable. Some reports have ruled Crystal Palace out of contention for Aaron Ramsey, who looks set to leave Juventus this month, but manager Patrick Vieira had a few words to say about the Welshman on Friday. He said: “I believe he is a really strong player. He’s going to have a lot of options, I would say.” West Ham manager David Moyes has admitted he wants to bring in a few players before the transfer window closes. Speaking ahead of his side's clash with Manchester United on Saturday, he said: “Like everything else things are expensive in this world at the moment. Also, there’s not a great pool of the positions we are looking for. We have found them difficult to identify and maybe get ones who we think can come in and make a difference immediately. The last couple of January windows we have been able to do that. "This window has felt a wee bit more difficult. But if things go right and we get a good run of things I am still hopeful that we will add a couple of players before the window closes.” Things haven't worked out for Patrick Roberts at Manchester City, but now he has a chance to start afresh at League One Sunderland. The 24-year-old has signed a six-month contract with the Black Cats with the option of a further year. We can't report this story without giving a shoutout to its title. "Ajax, crazy idea: working on Depay's loan." Yes, that does seem rather crazy. The news comes from TuttoMercatoWeb, who reckon Ajax could make a loan move for Netherlands international Memphis. It would be a wild one, that's for sure. Speculation on Harry Kane's future has decreased in recent months and he gave a typically reserved response when asked what may lie ahead for him. You can read some of his quotes here. Argentina international Julian Alvarez will join up with Man City this summer after agreeing to a £20m transfer, 90min understands. The 21-year-old had widespread interest from across Europe, but he'll be on his way to the blue half of Manchester for the start of the 2022/23 season. While a deal for Sevilla's Diego Carlos is dragging on, Newcastle are looking at other defensive targets, and 90min understands Marseille and Croatia centre-back Duje Caleta-Car is one of them. They're also keeping their tabs on a trio of Benfica stars. You can read our exclusive story here. With Antonio Rudiger able to freely talks to club's abroad now that he's in the last six months of his contract, Chelsea aer running out of time to tie him down to a new deal. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has been discussing the latest on the situations ahead of Chelsea's clash with Tottenham. "You know how I was full of praise for him, how important he is, I have said many times. Talks and negotiations are ongoing." Tanguy Ndombele was not part of Spurs' matchday squad for their trip to Leicester on Wednesday and it's looking incredibly likely that he will leave the club soon. PSG and Roma are both interested in the midfielder and when asked about Ndombele's future on Friday, Conte was frank. "Honestly, I prefer to speak about this topic always with the club. For sure, I made evaluations about the squad but I have spoken with the club and I hope the club will listen to me." River Plate sensation Julian Alvarez has been attracting plenty of attention from across Europe, with Manchester United often credited with an interest. However, TyCSports in Alvarez's native Argentina report that Man City have made two different offers for the forward - one allowing River to keep Alvarez until the summer, and one proposing he heads on loan to another club in Europe until then instead. While 90min understands that Everton caretaker boss Duncan Ferguson wants the job permanently, boyhood Blue Wayne Rooney is also in the running for the job and he's been speaking about the links to the job at Goodison Park. “I’m the same as everyone else, I see the speculation on social media and in the newspapers. Of course Everton is a club I grew up supporting. “I’m flattered to get brought up in those conversations, but I know Everton know that to have any communication with me they have to go through the administrators.” Read our post at 2:05pm and then come back here to pour one out for poor old Bruno Lage. Despite the Wolves boss' assertions that Adama Traore will stay at Molineux, The Athletic report that Spurs are close to agreeing a deal for the Spain winger. Antonio Conte urged Tottenham to "do something" this transfer window a few days ago and he may finally be getting his wish... Lukasz Fabianski is set to sign a new one-year contract with West Ham, 90min understands. Fabianski has been rewarded for that consistency with a new one-year contract, like he was last March, and the terms of the deal are already agreed. An official announcement will be made in due course. You can read 90min's full story here. Trust me, it'll make a bit more sense when you read the quote. Spurs had an offer for Adama Traore knocked back by Wolves earlier this week, and manager Bruno Lage has insisted that they want to keep the Spaniard as much as Tottenham wanted to keep Harry Kane last summer. “We have a top player, a lovely guy. Sometimes this is about business. I remember how much Spurs protected Kane. We will protect our player.” 90min recently revealed Newcastle's interest in Jesse Lingard, with a fresh round of talks regarding a permanent move lined up. Man Utd interim manager Ralf Rangnick has been speaking about the midfielder ahead of their crunch match with West Ham this weekend, and recognised Newcastle's interest. "Jesse Lingard is a really good player, I can see that in every training session. It's normal that other clubs, like Newcastle, have shown interest in him." Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has inevitably been asked about links with outgoing Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele, who he worked with during his time at Borussia Dortmund. The Frenchman has been told he will be sold this month having failed to lower his wage demands at Camp Nou, and it seems Tuchel might just be keen on a reunion... "He is a very good player when he is in his top level. I was very fortunate to train him in Dortmund. It was only one year and it should have been longer. I left and he decided to leave. From then, I have not been in close contact. "We have met here and there with his duties for the French team and I was in Paris. He is in a situation I have no idea why, what it is in detail. I know how I feel about it when it is my players so it is better not to talk." Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has been discussing the club's transfer activity - or lack thereof this week - ahead of his side's trip to Leeds tomorrow. “The transfer window and the hype that is created around it sometimes is bigger than the actual reality. You just need to keep everything into perspective. “It’s been a fruitless search this week [in the transfer window]. We know we’re against the deadline and we’re desperately trying to improve the squad and working very hard behind the scenes. “Usually, late in the window, you’ll get a flurry of things done but you never quite know from year to year how that’s going to unfold this year. “But certainly, we’ll be trying to add to the squad right until the last day." Brentford are planning to hold talks with head coach Thomas Frank over a new contract, 90min understands, with his current deal expiring in the summer of 2023. When asked by 90min if he has any concern about entering the final 18 months of his current contract, Frank replied: "No concern, I'm very happy here. As far as I know, Matthew [Benham], Phil [Giles] and the club are very happy with me. "I'm in a fantastic club with a great future ahead. Let's see what happens in the future." Duvan Zapata is one of the 2,342 players newly-moneyed Newcastle have been linked with this month. While previous reports suggested a £25m bid had been made, according to Tuttomercatoweb, the Magpies are locked in talks over a potential loan deal for the Atalanta striker. There is apparently a catch, however, as La Dea want a €40m obligation to buy included regardless of whether Newcastle are relegated or not at the end of the season - something the Tynesiders would like to avoid, obviously. Former Chelsea midfielder Oscar has responded to rumours linking him with an unlikely move to Barcelona. The 30-year-old is currently plying his trade for Shanghai Port in China. “From what I’m told, talks with Barcelona are not over yet. The problem is that they’re struggling to register signings...there has to be some departures from Barça." One to keep an eye on... Denis Zakaria has become a regular in the rumour mill of late, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. Liverpool have been linked with him once again, and ESPN reckon they are ready to battle Man Utd, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund for his signature - although it is the Reds and the two German clubs who have made serious offers. Juventus have also been touted as a potential destination recently, with Gladbach open to cashing in this month. Hopefully he makes a move soon, otherwise he's at risk of joining the lengthy list of players to be perennially in the headlines without ever making a big move - think Nico Gaitan, Wiliam Carvalho and Leandro Damiao. Chelsea, Man Utd and Juventus have been touted as potential destinations for Ousmane Dembele. The French winger has been told to leave Barcelona this month with talks over a renewal at an impasse due to his self-admittedly high wage demands. Mundo Deportivo go as far as to suggest that Chelsea recently lodged a €15m bid for the 24-year-old - who played under Blues boss Thomas Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund. Manchester United have been deemed unlikely to sign Erling Haaland in the summer, with both Real Madrid and Man City ahead of them in the race. ESPN reckon United have started to look at other targets having thrown in the towel. 90min has previously revealed that Real Madrid are frontrunners, although the striker does not want to be rushed into a decision. Aston Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez has signed a new contract with the club, extending his deal until 2027. The Argentina international has had a whirlwind couple of years since leaving Arsenal, becoming his country's number one after standout performances for Villa and playing a key role in winning Copa America last summer. 90min revealed that the Midlands club were planning new contract talks back in the summer, after the goalkeeper emerged as a target for an unnamed top European club. Uh oh...Arsenal have been dealt a significant blow in their pursuit of coveted Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic, who we mentioned was also a target for Juventus. Fiorentina general manager Joe Barone has confirmed enquiries from England, but he says the player and his representatives are not yet engaging in talks. "Some English clubs have made contact, but there is no agreement yet. We are open [to selling] but there can’t be a deal unless someone [Vlahovic] agrees. "I haven’t heard anything from them [Vlahovic's representatives]. I had asked Vlahovic’s agent to be clear, but I haven’t heard anything, no contacts at all." 90min previously revealed that Vlahovic was far from sold on a move to north London and would not be rushed into a decision with his contract expiring in 2023. Everton owner Farhad Moshiri has injected a further £100m into the club and sent a message to fans as their search for a new manager continues... "I understand the frustration felt by everybody who loves Everton because of our inconsistent form in recent seasons, despite significant investment in the playing squad.  "The money that has been spent since 2016, not just on the playing squad but also on key projects including our new stadium, demonstrates my commitment to Everton. "The strategic football review that is currently ongoing will ensure we have the best model in place moving forward. I am working closely with the Chairman and the Board as part of that strategic review - and I can assure you the recruitment process for a new manager is aligned to that.  "It is vital we appoint a manager who fits the structure we are putting in place and so, whilst we are keen to make an appointment as quickly as possible, we will work together to ensure it is the right candidate to deliver the success we all crave." It seems Juventus are getting a little bit wary of Arsenal's interest in Fiorentina hitman Dusan Vlahovic... According to reports in Italy, the Bianconeri will attempt to push through a deal this month - even though the Viola are pretty keen not to sell to them. Their offer apparently constitutes a player-plus-cash offer involving Dejan Kulusevski. Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard has hinted that he could welcome more signings in January, despite bringing in four players – including Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne - already. "There’s a few things bubbling away. We’ve identified areas where we would like to strengthen, but as I’ve said before, we’ll only do that if the right players become available.  "We won’t be forced. If it’s a case of having to be patient until the next window, I’ve got no problem with that." Brentford boss Thomas Frank has seen his side slide down the Premier League table over the past couple of months, following a fantastic start to life as a top-flight side. But the Dane, speaking in his latest press conference, believes his side have the tools to stay in the division. “I think we have a strong enough squad to compete in the Premier League. “I do think a player or two would bring extra energy to the squad but I don’t think it’s essential. But we are always in the market and if a player comes up we will do it. “I think it can be more difficult ([n January)]depending on where players are coming from. If you come from abroad you need to get up to speed to your new team, tactics, crazy ideas from the head coach! So there’s a risk that it can take a longer time to adapt.” We touched on a new contract for Hugo Lloris less than an hour ago......and now it's official! The World Cup winner will be remaining in north London until 2024. ✍️ We are delighted to announce that Hugo Lloris has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the Club, which will run until 2024. A couple of days ago, Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr lodged a loan bid for out-of-favour Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang - who incidentally is 'completely healthy' after a heart scare at AFCON. The 32-year-old has been stripped of the club captaincy and doesn't seem to be too chummy with Mikel Arteta, with the feeling that a move could happen. But Sportsmail now say that Al-Hilal are also showing interest - and are prepared to pay his wages in full to make a deal happen. That's £350,000-per-week, ladies and gents... Jesse Lingard's future at Manchester United remains unclear. Newcastle are desperate to bring him, and many others, to St James' Park in order to save the club's Premier League skin, but the Red Devils and Lingard himself need some convincing. United want to sell, Newcastle will agree to a permanent deal or loan, and Lingard...well, he wants to decide his future in the summer. Will he move temporarily and then depart Old Trafford in the summer? The jury is out. ? LINGARD UPDATE:#NUFC willing to sign Jesse Lingard on a permanent deal from Man Utd. Loan bid rejected yesterday but the clubs have continued to talk.Nothing agreed, Lingard will need convincing it's the right move.@GraemeBailey @90min_Footballhttps://t.co/UZr7S1SD3g It's been a whirlwind 24 hours if you're a Tottenham fan. Steven Bergwijn's dramatic late brace bagged three points at Leicester, Tanguy Ndombele was strongly linked with a move to PSG, and Wolves turned down a bid for Adama Traore. Now, 90min understands that goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, who has been terrific form throughout the season, has agreed a two-year contract extension. Things are a little messy between Barcelona and Ousmane Dembele now, but one thing seems certain – he's leaving Camp Nou on a free transfer.
