David Raya admits concerns over Brentford price tag as Tottenham talks continue
Jun 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/david-raya-admits-concerns-brentford-price-tag-tottenham-talks-continue
Brentford goalkeeper David Raya has admitted he fears the Bees' £40m price tag could block a summer transfer. Raya is entering the final year of his contract and Brentford have openly admitted that he is free to leave this summer if a club meets their valuation. Dutch international Mark Flekken has already been signed as a replacement. Chelsea and Manchester United are both known admirers of Raya but 90min understands that Tottenham are working towards an agreement over personal terms with the 27-year-old, although Brentford's lofty asking price is proving problematic. Speaking to The Times, Raya confirmed he is keen to leave Brentford this summer but voiced concerns over the price put on his head. "I will always feel close to this team," Raya stressed. "Being part of the promotion to the Premier League is something I will never forget. "I know there are rumours about me leaving. There are some options for me to go but obviously Brentford are asking for a lot of money. That could make clubs not want to buy me, it could make them look somewhere else. feed "But if that’s the value they give me, then it’s up to them. I have a year left on my contract and until then I’m a Brentford player, there’s nothing I can do. "I have ambitions to make the next step in my career. I want to try to win titles and to compete in Europe in the next couple of years. I’m 27 now and I feel like I’m at the point in my career when I want to make that step up. There are options out there but it’s not just my ambitions, the club also needs to let me go.” If he does not succeed in leaving Brentford this summer, Raya vowed to remain committed to the Bees until the end of next season. "I’m a professional," he said. "If I end up staying at Brentford I will always give my all, that’s my job. If I have to stay, I’ll try to have an even better season than last season."
