Chelsea eye Harry Maguire transfer after Wesley Fofana injury
Jul 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-eye-harry-maguire-transfer-after-wesley-fofana-injury
Chelsea are considering a move for Harry Maguire after losing Wesley Fofana to a cruciate ligament injury, 90min understands. With less than a month before the new Premier League season gets underway, Mauricio Pochettino's side have suffered a hammer blow with the news that French centre-back Fofana has undergone 'reconstructive surgery' on his ACL. Fofana is likely to miss the majority of the 2023/24 season as a result and, having already let Kalidou Koulibaly and Cesar Azpilicueta leave the club this summer, the Blues are now quickly assessing defensive options available in the current transfer window.  Sources have told 90min that one of their options is former Manchester United captain Maguire, and Chelsea have made enquiries about the defender's situation at Old Trafford.  The Blues' scouting department have cited Maguire as one of the best options on the market.  feed 90min revealed on Monday that Erik ten Hag has communicated to Maguire that the club are keen to sell him this summer, with the England international recently being stripped of the captain's armband by the Red Devils manager.  Maguire has featured sporadically since Ten Hag took charge last summer, making just eight starts in the Premier League during the 2022/23 season. This lack of game time has, expectedly, cast doubts over the defender's long-term future. The 30-year-old has been considering his options with potential interest from West Ham, Newcastle and Serie A giants Inter and Juventus also on his radar, but a potential move to Stamford Bridge could be his most appealing option this summer.  90min understands that while Manchester United would prefer to sell Maguire outright, they would also consider letting him go out on loan to Stamford Bridge too as Chelsea have the capacity to cover the player's wages in full - something other clubs would be unlikely to be able to offer.  
