Andrea Pirlo Confirms Gonzalo Higuain Will Leave Juventus This Summer
Aug 25, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/andrea-pirlo-confirms-gonzalo-higuain-leave-juventus-transfer
Juventus boss Andrea Pirlo has confirmed that striker Gonzalo Higuain will have his contract terminated this summer. The 32-year-old made 32 appearances in Serie A in 2019/20 under Maurizio Sarri, netting eight times and providing four assists. However, new boss Pirlo decided upon his arrival that the Argentine - along with midfielder Sami Khedira - would have his contract terminated this summer. It looks like the end of the road for Gonzalo Higuaín and Sami Khedira at Juventus... Both players do still have a year left to run on their current contracts, but they aren't considered part of Pirlo's rebuilding plans. The Italian has now confirmed Higuain will depart the club this summer and will be free to find himself a new home. “I spoke with him [Higuain]. He's a person that I admire very much and who has played an important part here, he's a great player, but we have decided that our paths must be separated," Pirlo said in a press conference, as quoted by Juventus' official website.  "The cycle has come to an end, and as professionals we looked each other in the eye and decided to make this decision." Higuain will depart Juve with 149 appearances and 66 goals to his name. During his time with the club, the striker won three Serie A titles and also achieved Coppa Italia glory twice as well.  While he may have featured in 31 league games in 2019/20, Higuain was unable to have much of an impact in Sarri's system. When he does depart, he will become the second player to leave under Pirlo's watch after Blaise Matuidi recently completed his move to Inter Miami. It remains to be seen where Higuain plays his football next season, but considering he will soon be available as a free agent, a number of clubs may take a keen interest. He has previously admitted that he would be open to a move to the US once his stay at Juve comes to an end.
