Chelsea 'Step Up' Pursuit of Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz
Jul 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-step-up-pursuit-of-bayer-leverkusen-kai-havertz
Chelsea are looking to steal a march on fellow interested parties Bayern Munich and Manchester City by 'stepping up' their pursuit of Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Kavertz. The 21-year-old has attracted admiring glances from across Europe after netting 12 goals and notching six assists in the Bundesliga this season, although his goals were unable to secure his side Champions League football for next term as Bayer finished in fifth place.  2️⃣9️⃣ A post shared by  Kai Havertz ?⚽️✌? (@kaihavertz29) on Jun 24, 2020 at 10:34am PDT Due to their failure to reach the elite competition, interested clubs have received a boost in their efforts to sign him, something the Telegraph claim Chelsea are taking advantage from. There has been strong interest in Havertz from Frank Lampard's side - who've already spent roughly £82m on forwards Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech - in the German international, and reports from his homeland suggest that the Blues will lodge a bid for the forward after he plays in Saturday's DFB-Pokal final against Bayern Munich. Leverkusen value Havertz in the region of £90m, but Chelsea hope they can negotiate a deal 'some way' below that fee. Bayern are said to be lining up a move for next summer, while Real Madrid have also shown intrigue in the player. The Telegraph's report also mentions Lampard's pursuit of a new goalkeeper, an area of concern that was intensified after Kepa Arrizabalaga produced another tepid performance in the recent defeat to West Ham. In order for them to get Kepa off the books the club would need to be willing to taking a substantial hit financially, as the chances of them recouping anywhere near the £72m they spent are exceedingly slim. Well, non existent in fact. Interest is there from clubs in La Liga, but any loan move would depend on whether Chelsea were willing to pay a percentage of his wages, which stand at £150k-per-week.
