Tottenham Join Race for Brentford Star Saïd Benrahma
Aug 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-join-race-for-brentford-star-said-benrahma
Tottenham Hotspur are the latest side to express an interest in Brentford winger Saïd Benrahma, who could be available after the Bees failed to seal promotion to the Premier League. Benrahma combined with fellow forwards Ollie Watkins and Bryan Mbeumo to score an incredible 57 goals this season to fire Brentford to the play-off final, where they missed out on promotion as they fell 2-0 to Fulham. With another season in the Championship incoming, Brentford are braced for a number of bids from several top-flight sides, and one player who is understood to have attracted more interest than most is Benrahma. The 24-year-old has already been linked to Chelsea, Arsenal, Leicester and Aston Villa, but now The Mirror state that Spurs have thrown their hat into the ring as well. Benrahma is said to be desperate to get the chance to play in the Premier League, so a substantial bid from Spurs (or anyone else) may force Brentford into doing business this summer. *???????? ?? ?? ???????*@Benrahma2 picks up our June/July Goal of the Month award#BrentfordFC pic.twitter.com/GajT1o2zOw Sky Sports News note that both Benrahma and Watkins are valued in excess of £25m by Brentford, who don't plan on losing their top players but would play ball if any 'strong offers' arrived this summer. That could well prove to be too much for Tottenham. Manager José Mourinho has already confessed that the club will not spend big this summer in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, but there is thought to be a shallow pool of money available for the right deal. Spurs are already closing in on Southampton's Pierre-Emile Højbjerg - a deal which is almost entirely covered by Kyle Walker-Peters' move in the opposite direction. A lot of Spurs' summer plans will depend on Tanguy Ndombele. The Frenchman, who endured a difficult debut year in England, has been linked with a move to Inter or Paris Saint-Germain and could generate a sizeable fee if sold permanently.
