Chelsea make Raheem Sterling push; Man City future undecided
Jun 28, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-make-raheem-sterling-push-man-city-future-undecided
Chelsea have made contact with Manchester City regarding Raheem Sterling but he is yet to confirm where he wants to play his football next season, 90min understands. The 27-year-old is out of contract in 2023 and has been offered a new long-term deal at the Etihad Stadium, but has not yet given City a definitive response. As it stands, Sterling has three options; stay at City in the long-term, leave this summer or stay until next summer and then leave on a free transfer. Sterling is believed to be considering every option, but Chelsea are making a firm push and are offering him a route out of City this summer. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Sterling is far from clear about his City future and he was 'dismayed' about being left on the bench for some crucial games - including the Champions League semi-final second leg at Real Madrid and the title-deciding final game of the season against Aston Villa. Sterling is seriously considering leave on a free transfer next summer as he knows his options will be plentiful, whereas this summer they would be limited. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Newcastle's decision to pull out of a deal for Hugo Ekitike and offer the latest on Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! He has never hidden his desire to play abroad, and both Barcelona and Real Madrid are long-term admirers. "Ever since I was a kid, 100 per cent it's always been a dream of mine to play abroad somewhere. It would be nice one day to finish training and go home and sit in your garden and eat some dinner. I would need to see where it's minimum 17C or 18C constantly," he said back in 2019. However, Chelsea are making it clear to both City and Sterling that they want a deal right away. 90min understands that new Blues co-owner Todd Boehly believes signing of one of England's top players would be a major coup, and he has made an approach to both player and club.
