Chelsea transfer notebook: Pulisic interest; Jorginho dilemma; Gallagher suitors
Aug 17, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-transfer-notebook-pulisic-interest-jorginho-dilemma-gallagher-suitors
Chelsea have been fairly busy this summer. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella and Carney Chukwuemeka have been brought in to bolster the first team, and while the Blues remain on the hunt for at least one more player, it's time to switch their attention to outgoings. Manager Thomas Tuchel has a bloated squad full of frustrated forwards and ambitious youngsters who don't want to sit around on the bench in a World Cup year, and there are plenty of sides across Europe keen to take advantage of that. There's a lot to get through. Here's 90min's understanding of the state of play. Emerson has been targeted by West Ham but also has interest from Serie A sides open to taking the left-back on a permanent deal. Also heading to Serie A could be Ethan Ampadu. After impressing with Venezia last year, the Welshman has loan offers to return to Italy, while Chris Wilder, who signed Ampadu for Sheffield United in 2020/21, is open to a reunion at Middlesbrough. Chelsea could listen to offers for Trevoh Chalobah if they manage to bring in Wesley Fofana from Leicester. A new-and-improved offer for the Frenchman is coming. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Numerous sides have already failed in their attempts to lure Conor Gallagher away. Crystal Palace, Newcastle and West Ham are among those to have been asked to be kept informed if the academy graduate becomes available for loan. Juventus had been hopeful of signing Jorginho this summer but their failures to offload Adrien Rabiot and Arthur, coupled with the latest injury scare to N'Golo Kante, have left both sides reluctant to discuss a deal. Chelsea are keen to offload Ross Barkley before the window closes. Everton want a reunion with their former midfielder while Celtic have been offered his services and West Ham are sniffing around. A permanent exit is the Blues' preference but a loan could be considered later in the window. Everton are also keen on Billy Gilmour, who could be used as part of Chelsea's negotiations to sign Anthony Gordon. A loan deal was the preferred move but Everton already have two loanees - Conor Coady and Ruben Vinagre - and are not permitted to make more. Inter's 19-year-old Cesare Casadei is on his way to London ahead of a permanent move worth over €15m. There is also interest in Real Madrid midfielder Casemiro, who is available for €60m. Chelsea are prepared to listen to offers for Christian Pulisic and Man Utd are the latest side to express an interest in a loan move. Bayern Munich, Atletico Madrid, Juventus, AC Milan and Newcastle have all enquired and the winger is keen to leave in search of regular minutes. Offers are being welcomed to sell Hakim Ziyech permanently. AC Milan remain interested but would struggle to meet Chelsea's demands. A loan move cannot be ruled out. Callum Hudson-Odoi has asked to leave for more minutes and is available for loan. Crystal Palace, Everton and Newcastle want to keep him in England but the winger also has interest from Borussia Dortmund. He was recently withdrawn from a Development Squad fixture to focus on sealing an exit. Wolves have made an offer to sign Michy Batshuayi, who is also wanted by Frank Lampard at Everton.
