Football transfer rumours: Mbappe open to Chelsea move; Liverpool lodge Caicedo bid
Aug 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-mbappe-chelsea-move-liverpool-lodge-caicedo-bid
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe has made it clear that he would be prepared to join Chelsea this summer, but only for one season as he still has his sights set on a free transfer to Real Madrid in 2024. (Sport) To replace Mbappe, PSG are closing in on the signing of Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos, who will cost close to £70m. (A Bola) Ousmane Dembele will also join PSG from Barcelona, who will not sign a direct replacement for the Frenchman and will instead put their faith back in young Ansu Fati. (Sport) Harry Kane would be open to signing a new contract with Tottenham if they show significant progress under new manager Ange Postecoglou. (Evening Standard) Spurs face competition from Saudi Arabian outfit Al Nassr over centre-back Clement Lenglet, who could move to the Middle East from Barcelona for £13m. (Sport) Attempts from Manchester City to renew Kyle Walker's contract have fallen flat, with the England international keen to join Bayern Munich this summer. (The Athletic) manual Chelsea face competition for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo after an unnamed club saw a bid rejected which exceeded the Blues' latest offer of £80m. (Athletic) That mystery club is Liverpool, who are on the lookout for another new midfielder. (Football Insider) Manchester United have now joined Liverpool in pursuit of Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia. (Independent) Talks have also been stepped up between Man Utd and Bayern Munich midfielder Leon Goretzka, who wants to stay with the Bundesliga champions. (Sky Sports) Tottenham are close to striking a deal to sign Rosario Central striker Alejo Veliz, who is expected to be sold for above his £13m release clause. (German Garcia Grova) Inter have expressed an interest in Arsenal defender Takehiro Tomiyasu. (Gazzetta dello Sport)
