Football transfer rumours: Ancelotti asks for Tottenham forward; Man City's Kimmich swap offer
May 21, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-ancelotti-tottenham-man-city-kimmich-21-5-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Carlo Ancelotti has asked Real Madrid to sign Richarlison from Tottenham this summer. The duo previously worked together at Everton. (Defensa Central) Barcelona have entered the race to sign Arsenal target Joao Cancelo from Manchester City this summer with the full-back likely to leave the Etihad Stadium. (Mundo Deportivo) However, Manchester City are hoping to use Cancelo as a makeweight in a bid to sign Joshua Kimmich - who Arsenal and Barcelona are also interested in - from Bayern Munich. (Daily Mirror) Liverpool are close to agreeing personal terms with Brighton's Alexis Mac Allister, but a deal is not complete yet and they could face late competition from Chelsea as Mauricio Pochettino is a fan of the midfielder. (Fabrizio Romano) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Manchester United are closing in on a deal for Napoli defender Kim Min-jae, despite his agent dismissing such reports in recent weeks. (Il Mattino) As part of their attempts to get him to stay at Old Trafford, Manchester United will offer David de Gea a testimonial during contract negotiations. (Daily Star) After signing a new five-year deal at PSG, Marquinhos has leapt to the defence of Lionel Messi, who is set to leave the club this summer amid interest from Barcelona and Al Hilal. (L'Equipe) Barcelona have long been expected to sign Ilkay Gundogan on a free transfer this summer, but Manchester City have offered him a bumper new one-year deal. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona winger Raphinha has again played down talk of a summer move away amid links with Chelsea and Newcastle. (beIN Sports) Julian Nagelsmann has reopened talks with Tottenham about their head coach vacancy, but he wants assurances over who their new director of football will be. (The Times) LISTEN NOW
