Man Utd & Man City 'Submit Offers' for Angers Teenager Rayan Ait-Nouri
Jul 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-man-city-offers-for-angers-teenager-rayan-ait-nouri-transfer
Manchester United and Manchester City have both submitted 'firm offers' to sign Angers' Rayan Ait-Nouri - who recently visited both Old Trafford and the Etihad Stadium. The 19-year-old is primarily a left-back, although he can operate further up the field too. Ait-Nouri made his debut for Angers back in August of 2018, but he cemented his place in the starting lineup during the 2019/20 campaign.  The Frenchman made 17 appearances in Ligue 1 before he fractured his jaw in January.  ✍️ Rayan Aït Nouri prolonge !​Angers SCO est très heureux d’officialiser la prolongation de Rayan Aït Nouri. Le latéral gauche formé au club, est désormais lié jusqu’en 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ aux Noir & Blanc !?➡️ https://t.co/8WQgA2Zf5C pic.twitter.com/uJwIGYtgMU Ait-Nouri is highly rated in France and interest in him began to grow as clubs became aware of his contract situation. However, while he signed a new deal until 2023 with Angers back in May, this hasn't stopped Europe's top clubs from making their moves.  Foot Mercato report that the likes of Crystal Palace, Leicester, Wolves, PSG, Monaco and Atletico Madrid have all shown an interest in the youngster, but it's now the two Manchester clubs who are at the front of the queue for his signature. Both United and City are reported to have submitted offers for Ait-Nouri to his agent Jorge Mendes. But, of course, with a number of parties interested, clubs have begun their charm offensives. Ait-Nouri travelled to England on Tuesday with Mendes and visited a number of teams' training facilities, including Old Trafford and the Etihad. He met and spoke with officials at each club as they looked to entice the defender.  The trip has been described as 'seducing', but Ait-Nouri's representatives have made it clear that they wish to have some time before making any decision on his future.  
