Leicester City Close to Signing AS Roma's Cengiz Under
Sep 16, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-city-close-to-signing-as-roma-s-cengiz-under
Leicester City are close to signing AS Roma winger Cengiz Under, with the Foxes initially getting the player on loan. Under had been the subject of interest for bother Hertha BSC and Newcastle United, but it looks as though the Foxes have stolen a march on their competitors this week, with their bid of €3m loan with a €24m obligation to buy at the end of the season being accepted by AS Roma.  Leicester bid for Cengiz Under has been accepted by Roma, here we go! €3m loan + €24m obligation to buy. Under is coming to #LCFC, confirmed. ?✔️ #transfers According to Fabrizio Romano, Under will join Leicester on loan with an obligation to buy, after the Foxes turned their attention to Under after their official bid for Francisco Trincao was knocked back. Squad depth is a concern for Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers. Speaking in a press conference on the depth available and whether Leicester can challenge on four fronts this season, he said: “No, we don’t. That’s something I’ve been pretty clear on. “I think our idea this year was to improve the squad. The players in this last season, they’ve shown many great moments, and I think for them to improve, it’s going to need time, and work on the training field. "But also in order to improve, you need quality. That’s something we’ve talked about, and something that we can give the squad in order to help them." After being in the top four for the majority of the season, Leicester eventually slipped into the UEFA Europa League places. The Foxes did play in the UEFA Champions League following their title-winning campaign in 2015/16, but this will be their debut in Europe's second-tier competition. Speaking on the prospect of playing in the competition, Rodgers told Leicester City's club website "We finished in the second-highest Premier League finish for Leicester City. That takes us into European competition and I’m really, really excited by that,” he said.
