Transfer rumours: Kounde edging closer to Barca; Ronaldo to reinforce transfer stance
Jul 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-kounde-edging-closer-to-barca-ronaldo-to-reinforce-transfer-stance
Cristiano Ronaldo is heading back to Manchester for in-person talks with new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag, and the forward is set to ask to leave the club immediately.  Chelsea are increasingly fearful that Jules Kounde will spurn the opportunity to move to Stamford Bridge this summer and instead join Barcelona.  The Blues' frustration at potentially losing out on their long-term target to Barcelona could see them block Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso joining the Catalan giants.  Liverpool are keeping an eye on Athletic Club winger Nico Williams, who is the younger brother of Inaki Williams. The 20-year-old Spaniard is already valued at over £40m. Real Madrid, Barcelona and PSG are prepared to rival the Premier League's biggest clubs for Palmeiras wonderkid Endrick. PSG are bracing themselves for a bid from Newcastle for forward Julian Draxler. The Ligue 1 champions may be open to a deal worth around £17m. Leeds United and Everton have both been offered the opportunity to sign PSG left-back Layvin Kurzawa. Real Madrid forward Borja Mayoral is on the verge of joining Getafe in a deal worth €10m. Arsenal have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Lucas Paqueta, with Lyon indicating that they could be open to bids for the midfielder. Tottenham's interest in Roma's Nicolo Zaniolo is continuing, though Juventus are set to rival them for his services.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! West Ham have rejected Fulham's approach for Issa Diop. The Cottagers' opening bid was worth nearly £15m.  Xavi has informed Memphis Depay to look for a new club this summer, as he does not see a future for him at Barcelona.  Inter are keen to offload Alexis Sanchez's high wages and the Chilean could make a surprise switch to Ligue 1 side Marseille. Newcastle are interested in signing Harvey Barnes, but Leicester have indicated that he is not for sale this summer. The Foxes could be open to allowing club captain Kasper Schmeichel to leave this summer with the long-serving goalkeeper's contract set to expire at the end of the season. Nice are one side interested.  Southampton are hoping to gazump Bayer Leverkusen in the race for young Manchester City winger Sam Edozie.
