Tottenham linked with Juventus pair Leonardo Bonucci & Dejan Kulusevski 
Jun 8, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-linked-juventus-pair-leonardo-bonucci-dejan-kulusevski-transfer
Incoming Tottenham director Fabio Paratici is looking to sign Juventus pair Leonardo Bonucci and Dejan Kulusevski this summer. Prior to accepting a position in north London Paratici was working as Juve's director of football. It is expected that he will have a wider remit at Spurs, although he will retain a big say in the club's recruitment strategy.  Paratici could be in for a busy summer as well. Tottenham are crying out for a rebuild, having limped to a seventh place finish last season. They may have to adjust to life without talisman Harry Kane as well.  Kane, who finished top of the Premier League goals and assists charts last term, has told the club he wishes to leave with Manchester City and Chelsea among those interested.  Should Kane depart, Paratici will have money to spend and according to Calciomercato he is looking to recruit two players from his former employers. The first is veteran centre-back Bonucci. Despite being 34 the Italian still featured prominently last season, making 26 Serie A appearances and scoring twice.  • Dejan Kulusevski• Juventus• Swedish• 21 years oldWith Ibrahimovic not heading to the tournament, Kulusevski will take up the role as Sweden's talisman and he'll be given a lot of responsibility. ✊Welcome to Our 21, @KulusevskiDejan! ?? This one feels unlikely. Bonucci is set to start for Italy at Euro 2020 and is still under contract until 2024, although due to his advanced age he is unlikely to command a hefty transfer fee. While Spurs remain without a first-team manager following the dismissal of Jose Mourinho they did deploy a back three on occasion last term, a system Bonucci knows well.  Meanwhile, Paratici is also said to be plotting a move for Kulusevski. After impressing on loan at Parma he was recalled by Juventus in the summer and would go on to make just shy of 50 appearances last season. 
