Chelsea in talks with Inter over structure of Romelu Lukaku return
Jun 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-in-talks-with-inter-over-structure-of-romelu-lukaku-return
Chelsea are in talks with Inter over the nature of the deal that will take Romelu Lukaku back to San Siro, 90min understands. The striker only joined Chelsea from Inter last summer but endured a forgettable comeback season at Stamford Bridge following his £97.5m transfer, with his season derailed by a bout of Covid-19, an ankle injury and an ill-advised interview with Italian media that all came in quick succession. Ultimately Lukaku managed only 15 goals in all competitions in 2021/22, including just eight in the Premier League - a stark contrast to the 64 goals in 95 games he rattled in for Inter. Sources have told 90min that Lukaku has signalled he has his heart set upon a return to the Nerazzurri - something he had already publicly revealed in that conversation with Sky Sports Italia - and Chelsea will not stand in his way. Such is his eagerness to return to the club he left just one year ago, the 28-year-old is prepared to agree to a pay cut to smoothen his path back to Italy, thus making a 50% tax discount possible for Inter. 90min understands Chelsea and Inter are in dialogue about the structure of the agreement that would take Lukaku back to San Siro. A one or two-year loan is the most likely outcome, and Inter will have to pay a fee to secure a deal. The Milan club are confident of getting their man, with both parties aiming to conclude negotiations before the end of June. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United’s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. Although he is open to Lukaku remaining in west London, head coach Thomas Tuchel has communicated to the club's new ownership it may be best for all concerned to grant the Belgian his wish of a return to Serie A.
