Chelsea Considering Loan Move Away for Callum Hudson-Odoi
Sep 11, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-considering-loan-move-away-for-callum-hudson-odoi
Exclusive - Chelsea have informed winger Callum Hudson-Odoi that he could be loaned out this season after the Blues secured the signing of Kai Havertz from Bayer Leverkusen. Manager Frank Lampard has reinforced his attack this summer with the signings of Havertz, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech, all of whom can play in Hudson-Odoi's position and will be expecting regular starts.  thank you @fikayotomori - 29 ?⚪️ A post shared by  Kai Havertz ?⚽️✌? (@kaihavertz29) on Sep 10, 2020 at 8:13am PDT Chelsea have also signed central defenders Thiago Silva and Malang Sarr on free transfers, and are close to competing a deal for Rennes goalkeeper Édouard Mendy. West Ham's Declan Rice is also a target. For Hudson-Odoi, starts were hard to come by even before the attacking trio joined the club. He started just seven Premier League games last season, and a source has confirmed to 90min that Lampard has been left unimpressed by the Englishman's attitude and performances in training this summer. That has done little to endear Hudson-Odoi to Lampard as he was already concerned that his lack of form last season was down to a poor attitude. In the seven starts he made, the teenager often failed to make the desired impact and is seen as being a long way away from regular first-team action. Hudson-Odoi has now been warned that he could be sent out on loan, though it's important to note that neither Lampard nor Chelsea have given up on the 19-year-old. Lampard waxed lyrical about the winger shortly after he penned a lucrative contract to fend off interest from Bayern Munich, and there remains a belief that Hudson-Odoi can become a star for Chelsea in the future. However, there is an acceptance that the game time necessary to help Hudson-Odoi realise his potential may be hard to come by this season, especially if he cannot win over Lampard in training. Consequently, the boss is now prepared to green-light a loan move if the right bid arrives. "???? ??? ???? ?? ??? ??? ?? ????? ??'? ? ??? ???, ???'? ???" ?Carragher took the win over Neville last time out. Who would win if they raced again? ?‍♂️@GNev2 | @Carra23 | @MicahRichards | #TheresEverythingToPlayFor pic.twitter.com/zMLGtr8Rbh Hudson-Odoi managed a total of 33 appearances in all competitions last season, chipping in with three goals and six assists - many of which came in the early few weeks of the season. 
