Potential destinations for Raheem Sterling - ranked
Aug 2, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/raheem-sterling-transfer-destinations-tottenham-arsenal-real-madrid-barcelona
After a tricky end to the 2020/21 season, Raheem Sterling is facing an uncertain future at Manchester City. A new contract is on the table for him to sign, but 90min understands that Sterling is hesitant to commit at this point and wants to make sure he will remain a big player for the Premier League champions going forward. If that guarantee isn't there, there will be plenty of clubs keen to welcome him with open arms. Let's take a look at his options. Initially billed as a potential makeweight in a Harry Kane transfer, the chances of Sterling ending up at Tottenham are slim to none.He earns too much money for Spurs and isn't going to be interested in a club who feel like they are legitimately falling apart right now. Europa Conference League football isn't going to convince anyone.Plus, we already know that Sterling doesn't want to be bundled into any swap deals. There is no way this deal makes sense for anyone. Despite missing out on European football altogether last season, there is at least a small feeling of hope regarding Arsenal's short-term future.That being said, there's nowhere near enough positivity to convince someone like Sterling to make the move at this point.Sure, he would be the team's undisputed star, but Sterling knows his worth and his ability. He's one of England's top players and a serial Premier League winner. If you can't offer him consistent success, you're not signing him. Do PSG need Sterling? Well, no, but when has that ever stopped them?Out wide, the Parisians can already count on Neymar and Angel Di Maria, while Kylian Mbappe is also used there when he's not masking over the gaping void at striker left by Mauro Icardi's poor form.PSG would likely try to sign Sterling in an attempt to stockpile every good forward in the world, but he'd be an uncomfortable fit at the Parc des Princes.
