Paxten Aaronson completes transfer from Philadelphia Union to Eintracht Frankfurt
Nov 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/paxten-aaronson-completes-transfer-philadelphia-union-eintracht-frankfurt
Talented midfielder Paxten Aaronson officially completed his move from the Philadelphia Union to Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday. The transfer has been public knowledge for a couple of weeks now, with only a few final details left to wrap up before things were made official.  Details of the transfer have not been disclosed by the Union, but it's understood Frankfurt have paid $4m for Aaronson's services, alongside significant add-ons, and a large sell-on percentage. “Paxten has accomplished so much in a short amount of time," Union sporting director Ernst Tanner said in a club press release. "He has worked incredibly hard, and he has taken advantage of every opportunity with the first team, Union II, and the U-20 National Team.  "There has been interest in him for a long time, and we feel this is the right move for the club and the player, putting him in a good situation to continue developing in one the best leagues in the world. It is another great example of our development philosophy, and we are very proud of Paxten and wish him all the best at Frankfurt.” Medford ➡️ Frankfurt The newest Eagle! 🦅🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/WRLpKjH2qb The younger brother of Leeds United and USMNT star Brenden Aaronson, Paxten made 41 appearances for the Union across all competitions, scoring four goals and helping the team reach the Eastern Conference final in 2021, and finish runners-up in the 2022 MLS Cup Playoffs. At international level, Aaronson has been capped 14 times for the United States across various youth levels, scoring eight goals. The midfielder won the Golden Ball and Golden Boot awards at the U-20 Concacaf Championships, helping the United States win the tournament and, thus, qualify for both the next U-20 World Cup and Olympics. The 19-year-old will join Frankfurt in January and, as of writing, there appear to be no plans to loan the player out upon his arrival, suggesting he will be given first-team opportunities.
