Antonio Conte admits Tottenham need to 'do something' in transfer window
Jan 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/antonio-conte-admits-tottenham-need-to-do-something-transfer-window
Antonio Conte has admitted Tottenham need to do some transfer business this window, having not yet seen any new faces arrive at the club in January. Spurs have been linked with a number of players this month. 90min understands they had been preparing a £22m move for Wolves' Adama Traore, with the intention of playing the Spain international as a right wing-back. There is also uncertainty over a number of their current stars, with the likes of Dele Alli, Tanguy Ndombele and Steven Bergwijn all linked with moves away from the club. While Conte has started his Spurs career positively - sitting just four points off fourth-placed West Ham with four games in hand - there is still a lot of deadwood in the squad and Conte admitted the club needs to take action in the market over the next few weeks. When asked if he was confident of bringing at least one new player to the club, he said: "I don't know. I know that the transfer window in January is always very difficult and it is more simple when you start the season to buy important players. In January it is not easy, but at the same time we know very well that if there is the opportunity and also if it's not the best opportunity, but we need to do something. "Also if I repeat that this could not be the best opportunity but I think that we are in a situation where we have to try to implement the squad because the squad is not so big." Spurs have two big games before the winter break, taking on Leicester on Wednesday before facing Chelsea again at Stamford Bridge, having been bested by the Blues in both legs of their Carabao Cup semi-final recently. Conte added: "I think that we have to try and continue to have good results in the league. It's very important. We know very well that only after the international break the injured players are ready to come back in our squad. And it will be very important to overcome this period because it's not easy to play many games - especially if you have many injuries in your squad.
