Dusan Vlahovic tells Juventus he wants to leave
Jun 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/dusan-vlahovic-tells-juventus-wants-leave
Dusan Vlahovic has informed Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer amid interest from Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Manchester United, 90min understands.  The 23-year-old signed for Juventus in 2022 for €70m but has struggled for form during his first full season at the Allianz Stadium. Vlahovic, following two seasons in which he managed over 20 Serie A goals, has managed to find the back of the net just ten times in the league this season. After a disappointing 2022/23 campaign under defensive-minded manager Massimiliano Allegri at Juventus, sources have confirmed to 90min the player has now asked to leave the club. Despite a poor season in front of goal Vlahovic has plenty of suitors ahead of the summer transfer window. Bayern Munich are very keen to sign the striker having been without an out-and-out number nine since the departure of Robert Lewandowski last summer, with Sky Sports Germany stating Thomas Tuchel is pushing for the club to sanction a move.  feed 90min understands Manchester United retain an interest in the striker and see him as a 'first box' option alongside Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Lautaro Martinez this summer, while Chelsea are also keeping an eye on the situation too. Juve, however, have told Vlahovic to wait until the club sort out their managerial situation before making a decision on his future. Rumours have been swirling recently about the long-term future of Allegri at the club, with Antonio Conte being linked with a return this summer. Vlahovic's representatives have insisted the player wants to leave La Vecchia Signora no matter who takes charge. Speaking to DAZN recently, Juventus CFO Francesco Calvo insisted Vlahovic will not be sold. "Rumours are not something we can control, but the transfer market hasn't even opened yet. Dusan is not for sale. We are satisfied with the effort he puts in, although everyone in life can do better."
