Armando Broja: Chelsea assess options as Southampton bid; West Ham and Everton still keen
Jul 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/armando-broja-chelsea-assess-options-southampton-bid-west-ham-everton-still-keen
Chelsea are yet to make a decision over the future of striker Armando Broja amid a flurry of Premier League interest. The 20-year-old spent last season on loan at Southampton and was largely impressive for Ralph Hasenhuttl's side, despite returning just six goals in 32 Premier League appearances and nine in all competitions. 90min revealed in June that West Ham were readying an offer for the Slough-born Albanian, who caught the eye with his speed, agility and strength, and he remains a top target for David Moyes as the Hammers look to provide competition for Michail Antonio - the only recognised striker in the club's squad. Everton have also shown a serious interest in signing Broja, as they look to fill the void left by Richarlison's £60m move to Tottenham, while Newcastle and Leeds are also keeping tabs on him. But 90min understands that it's Southampton who have made an official move for Broja, with the club keen to beat off the rival competition and take him back to St Mary's on a permanent basis. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The Saints are also trying to sign Levi Colwill, a left-sided central defender who enjoyed a terrific loan spell at beaten Championship play-off finalists Huddersfield Town, but 90min understands that Chelsea want to take a look at him in pre-season before deciding whether or not he can move on. 90min has further learned that Chelsea, who are expected to undergo a radical personnel makeover this summer, are yet to make a decision on whether or not Broja will be sold or loaned out - and there's a chance that he could remain at Stamford Bridge depending on what business the Blues are able to do. Chelsea have already sanctioned a loan exit for record signing Romelu Lukaku, who has rejoined Inter, and there's uncertainty over the future of Timo Werner - who has been discussed, alongside Christian Pulisic, as a possible makeweight in a deal to sign Netherlands centre-back Matthijs de Ligt from Juventus. Were the German forward to leave, for Juventus or anybody else, Chelsea would themselves be left without a recognised centre-forward - unless serial loanee Michy Batshuayi surprisingly comes back into the fold.
