Timothy Fosu-Mensah rejects new Manchester United contract
Dec 31, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/timothy-fosu-mensah-rejects-new-manchester-united-contract
Manchester United defender Timothy Fosu-Mensah has rejected the chance to sign a new contract at Old Trafford. The versatile 22-year-old, who plays primarily at right-back but is comfortable centrally, will find himself out of contract at the end of the season. United have no option to automatically extend his deal, having done so in April 2020 to prevent him from walking away for free at the end of last season, but according to The Mirror, United might be forced to accept his departure this time around. The Red Devils have offered Fosu-Mensah a contract to tie him to the club until 2024, but the Dutchman is understood to have rejected the proposal over concerns about his lack of playing time under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Fosu-Mensah has managed just three appearances in all competitions this season, with his only outing in the Premier League coming in the 3-1 loss to Crystal Palace in United's season opener. He has only made the matchday squad twice since then. Sky Sports News, who reported on the offer of a new contract first, don't go as far as to suggest the offer has been flat-out rejected, but do admit that Fosu-Mensah is planning to consider all options in January as he remains frustrated by his current situation. Marseille and Hertha BSC are both name-dropped as potential suitors for the 22-year-old, and both are prepared to pay a modest transfer fee in January instead of waiting until the end of the season to land him for a small compensation fee. The news of Fosu-Mensah's potential departure comes shortly after the Daily Mail reported that United had reignited their interest in Norwich City's Max Aarons. Fabrizio Romano also came out to back up the report, but while he admitted United are appreciative of Aarons' talent, he insisted that there is absolutely nothing concrete at the minute and he is simply one of many players on the radar.
