Cristiano Ronaldo: Atletico Madrid & Bayern Munich play down transfer links
Jul 27, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/cristiano-ronaldo-atletico-madrid-bayern-munich-play-down-transfer-links
Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich have both publicly distanced themselves from Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portugal international's crunch talks over his future. After missing United's pre-season tour for personal reasons, Ronaldo returned to Manchester on Tuesday to meet with those in charge at Old Trafford and discuss his future. The 37-year-old wants to leave to play Champions League football, but United are reluctant to let him go. Suitors for Ronaldo are limited, with Atletico, Bayern and Chelsea the three main sides in the conversation - although all three have publicly distanced themselves from a deal. Nevertheless, reports linking Ronaldo to all three continue to surface, with Atleti and Bayern again going public to clarify their stance. Firstly, Atletico president Enrique Cerezo insisted: "I don't know who has invented the story of Cristiano , but it is practically impossible for him to come." While Atleti dismissed a move for financial reasons, Bayern director Oliver Kahn chose to focus on his belief that Ronaldo would not be a good fit for the team. "We discussed Cristiano Ronaldo internally," Kahn admitted to Bild. "I consider him one of the greatest footballers ever. "But we came to the conclusion that, despite our appreciation for Cristiano, he would not fit into our philosophy in the current situation." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona attempting to sign Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! As for Chelsea, 90min understands that owner Todd Boehly is keen to get a deal done but has accepted the option of manager Thomas Tuchel, who is not convinced that the 37-year-old would be a good fit for his high-pressing side.
