Marc Cucurella: Brighton owner reveals no bids have been submitted for Man City target
Jul 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/marc-cucurella-brighton-owner-reveals-no-bids-have-been-submitted-for-man-city-target
Brighton owner and chairman Tony Bloom has revealed the club has not received any bids for Manchester City target Marc Cucurella. The Spaniard only joined the Seagulls from Getafe last summer but was one of the signings of the season, making 35 Premier League appearances as his side secured a finish of ninth, the best ever in their history. 90min reported in June that Manchester City were working on deals for Kalvin Phillips and Cucurella - Phillips has since joined the Citizens while manager Pep Guardiola has green-lit a £50m move for Cucurella. However, despite City's interest Bloom has revealed the south coast club are yet to have any bids come in for their star defender. He told BBC Radio Sussex: “Marc is a tremendous player, a tremendous person. He’s brilliant for the dressing room. The players love him, Graham and the coaches love him, I love him, the fans love him. He was unbelievably good last season, his first season in the Premier League. We’re hoping for more to come and we haven’t had a bid for him. “I’m not going to speculate on individual players we may or may not get bids for. The fact that there is speculation and there is interest in our players, I always view that as a positive. It hasn’t always been like that. There’s less than three or four clubs where some of the players are not for sale. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
