Football transfer rumours: Liverpool & Man City join Neymar race; Man Utd have 'secret weapon' for Bellingham
May 1, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-liverpool-man-city-join-neymar-race-man-utd-have-secret-weapon-for-bellingham
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester City and Liverpool have joined Manchester United in pursuit of Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar. (Fichajes) Man City are also preparing a huge new contract for striker Erling Haaland to fend off interest from Real Madrid. (Football Insider) Chelsea are confident that Mason Mount will snub interest from Bayern Munich and Liverpool in order to sign a new contract at Stamford Bridge. (Football Insider) With his Crystal Palace contract expiring in the summer, Wilfried Zaha is attracting interest from Arsenal, Chelsea, Barcelona and Juventus. (Telegraph) Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain sent scouts to watch Roma striker Tammy Abraham in action against AC Milan on Saturday. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Another in-demand striker, Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic, has been offered to both Arsenal and Bayern Munich. (Tuttomercatoweb) feed Real Madrid are prepared to listen to offers for left-back Ferland Mendy, who could leave the club this summer. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United have a 'secret weapon' in their pursuit of Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham in the form of the German side's new lead negotiator, Matt Hargreaves. Hargreaves has joined from adidas, where Bellingham was one of his 'major clients'. (Daily Mail) Even if they avoid relegation, Leicester will sell midfielder James Maddison this summer. Manchester United, Newcastle and Tottenham are all keen. (Telegraph) But Tottenham's priority is actually signing Rennes midfielder Lovro Majer instead. (Fichajes) Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta wants more flair from his wingers and is ready to sanction a €30m move for Newcastle's Allan Saint-Maximin. (Fichajes) Ansu Fati is not in Xavi's plans at Barcelona and the winger's agent, Jorge Mendes, has promised to deliver offers of €70m from clubs in the Premier League. (Sport)
