Riqui Puig slams Barcelona for pressuring players to leave
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/riqui-puig-slams-barcelona-for-pressuring-players-to-leave
Former Barcelona midfielder Riqui Puig has hit out at the club's treatment of him before his departure for LA Galaxy this summer. 23-year-old Puig initially joined Barcelona in 2014 and rose through the ranks in La Masia before breaking through into the first team, but he failed to hold down a permanent starting role under any of his managers before eventually being banished by current boss Xavi. He was excluded from the club's pre-season tour as a sign of Barcelona's desire to part ways with him - alongside Neto, Oscar Mingueza, Moussa Wague and Samuel Umtiti - and speaking to AS, Puig admitted he was stunned to see that sort of behaviour from his former employers. "It was a tough month because I had never seen that before, leaving players behind in Barcelona and going on a tour without them," he said. "Perhaps I understand the club’s position, they want to put pressure on players to leave, but there are other ways to do it. It was really difficult being in Barcelona, training alone, with four other teammates who were also there with me. "After seven years at the club, being in Barcelona when all my team-mates are in Los Angeles playing matches, well, the truth is that it hurt me a lot. It’s a difficult situation and sometimes you have to make decisions and they have made this decision but I don’t agree with it." Puig's criticism comes as Barcelona continue to try and part ways with a number of players in their squad. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey,Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Midfielder Frenkie de Jong finds himself locked in a battle over unpaid salary, with Barcelona claiming he must lower his wage or be sold, while striker Martin Braithwaite has been berated by supporters for refusing to terminate his contract and right-back Sergino Dest has been frozen out by Xavi.
