Football transfer rumours: Mbappe wants Liverpool move; Real Madrid rival Chelsea for Vlahovic
Aug 5, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-mbappe-wants-liverpool-move-real-madrid-rival-chelsea-for-vlahovic-5-8-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Kylian Mbappe would rather join Liverpool than any other suitor this summer if he is unable to move to Real Madrid, and the Reds' sponsors are prepared to help fund a loan move for the Paris Saint-Germain forward. (Football Insider) Barcelona are struggling to afford Bernardo Silva and can only offer Manchester City a loan deal with a €75m obligation to buy, but only if they sell one of their big players first. (Sport) One player who could leave Barcelona is right-back Sergino Dest, who is available for around €10m (£8.6m). (The Athletic) Chelsea have submitted a verbal offer worth €30m for Crystal Palace forward Michael Olise but want more information about his hamstring injury before making a written bid. Manchester City are also keen on the Frenchman. (Fabrice Hawkins) Arsenal are interested in striking a deal to sign Aston Villa winger Emiliano Buendia. (Football Transfers) Erik ten Hag wants Manchester United to sign Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, who is also wanted by Bayern Munich. (Sport) manual Real Madrid will rival Chelsea for the signing of Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic if they are unable to sign Kylian Mbappe this summer. (Cadena SER) Brentford plan to reject Arsenal's opening bid for goalkeeper David Raya but will continue negotiations with the Gunners. (The Athletic) To try and fend off interest from Bayern Munich, Manchester City have offered defender Kyle Walker another new contract. (The Athletic) Bayer Leverkusen's Florian Wirtz is also on Man City's radar as a potential replacement for Riyad Mahrez. (Football Transfers) Tottenham plan to follow up their signing of Micky van de Ven with a move for another centre-back, Bayer Leverkusen's Edmond Tapsoba. (Football Insider)
