Thiago Silva Joins Chelsea on 1-Year Deal After Paris Saint-Germain Exit
Aug 28, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/thiago-silva-joins-chelsea-on-free-transfer-after-paris-saint-germain-exit-transfer
Chelsea have confirmed the arrival of Brazilian central defender Thiago Silva on a free transfer, following the expiry of his Paris Saint-Germain contract.  The 35-year-old had attracted interest from a number of clubs - including the likes of Arsenal - after it was revealed that he was to leave PSG this summer once his contract expired. Les Parisiens boss Thomas Tuchel attempted to convince the player to stay at the last second, but this proved unsuccessful.  Despite entering the race late on, Chelsea moved quickly to strike a deal with the experienced defender as Frank Lampard looks to strengthen in defence.  Done deal! ? Welcome to Chelsea, @TSilva3! #OhhThiagoSilva The Blues have now officially confirmed that Silva has made the switch to Stamford Bridge on a free transfer. Silva has put pen to paper on a one-year deal with the option for a further 12 months.  Having signed on the dotted line, the veteran Brazilian said: "I am so happy to be joining Chelsea. I am delighted to be a part of Frank Lampard’s exciting squad for next season and I’m here to challenge for honours. See you soon Chelsea fans, I look forward to playing at Stamford Bridge very soon." Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia added: "Having performed at the highest level for many years, we have no doubt Thiago's experience and quality will complement the many exciting talents we already have here. "Thiago will be an excellent fit and we hope he can add some new trophies to his impressive list of honours." The former PSG man follows in Hakim Ziyech, Timo Werner and Ben Chilwell's footsteps in joining this summer, while Kai Havertz is also expected to make the move imminently. The west London club conceded the most goals of any side in the top half of the Premier League table during the 2019/20 season. Lampard's men conceded a remarkable 54 goals in the league, 21 more than title winners Liverpool. 
