Antonio Rüdiger Determined to Win Back Starting Spot at Chelsea
Oct 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/antonio-rudiger-determined-win-starting-spot-chelsea-
Chelsea centre-back Antonio Rüdiger has insisted he is determined to force his way back into manager Frank Lampard's plans after failing to seal a move away from Stamford Bridge during the summer. Thiago Silva's arrival at the Bridge has pushed Rüdiger down to fifth in the pecking order, and given he is yet to play a single minute this season, it was widely expected that the German would leave the club during the summer transfer window. Links to Tottenham Hotspur appeared to be strongest, but for whatever reason, a move failed to materialise, and now Rüdiger has told The Athletic that he is prepared to get his head down and work hard to improve his situation. “Naturally, I looked at a couple of options in the two weeks before the end of the transfer window,” he said. “There was a possibility of a loan deal, in order for me to get more game time. Due to many different reasons and the shortage of time, nothing materialised in the end. “The club didn’t tell me that it was absolutely necessary for me to find a new club and that they definitely didn’t have me in their plans for the next few months.  “I also turned down one or two options myself. I wasn’t prepared to pack it all in simply because I had been left out a few times. I enjoy living in London and like being at Chelsea.” Lampard has regularly chopped and changed his defensive lineup since returning to Chelsea, and Rüdiger admitted that the Blues' hectic schedule might make it easier for him to earn an appearance or two. “It is what it is now," the defender added. "I will accept it for the time being and try to show myself in every training session. We are in many different competitions, it’s two games per week all the way from now. “Sometimes in football, things can change very quickly. That’s why I will continue to give my best every day and try to convince the manager.”
