Transfer rumours: Depay wants Man Utd reunion; Man City's Bellingham plan
Jan 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-depay-wants-man-utd-reunion-man-city-s-bellingham-plan-7-1-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Memphis Depay would like to rejoin Manchester United for a second stint. His contract is up at the end of the season but Barcelona will hold out for a fee to sell him this month, while Depay and United are both hopeful of allowing an immediate free transfer. (Sport) Chelsea are continuing talks with Shakhtar Donetsk over a possible deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk, but the winger is split over whether to join the Blues instead of Arsenal. (The Sun) Arsenal don't want to engage with Chelsea in a bidding war for Mudryk and so could re-focus their attentions over the initial loan signing of Joao Felix from Atletico Madrid. Manchester United are also interested in the Portugal forward. (Daily Telegraph) Pedro Porro has become Tottenham's top target at right-back, though with Sporting CP holding out for his €45m release clause in full, Spurs could wait to make a move until the summer. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona are no longer interested in selling Frenkie de Jong and now believe he will be their long-term successor to Sergio Busquets. Manchester United tried to sign the Dutchman in the summer, while Chelsea and Bayern Munich were also interested. (Sport) Manchester City are prepared to rebuild their midfield around Jude Bellingham as Pep Guardiola's side prepare to battle Real Madrid and Liverpool for his signature. (ESPN) Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd’s interest in Mohammed Kudus, Enzo Fernandez and Chelsea, Jude Bellingham's decision and Mykhaylo Mudryk's preferred move. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Another target for Real Madrid is PSG right-back Achraf Hakimi, who came through Los Blancos' youth ranks before leaving permanently in 2020 following a successful loan spell at Borussia Dortmund. (Defensa Central) Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi has called on Leandro Trossard to work harder in training amid links to Chelsea and Newcastle. (SussexLive)
