Tottenham remain interested in Nicolo Zaniolo despite injury; Chelsea join race
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-remain-interested-nicolo-zaniolo-injury-chelsea
Tottenham are still looking to complete a deal for Nicolo Zaniolo before the transfer deadline even though he dislocated his shoulder at the weekend, while Chelsea have joined the race to sign the 23-year-old, 90min understands. 90min have long reported on Spurs' interest in Zaniolo, who is greatly admired by head coach Antonio Conte and managing director of football Fabio Paratici. Roma recently knocked back an initial loan offer from Tottenham, and 90min understands they remain interested in the Italy international, even though he could be sidelined for some time with a shoulder injury picked up in their weekend win over Cremonese. However, Spurs are not alone in the chase to sign him, with Chelsea and Juventus also keen on a deal. Chelsea, like Tottenham, see Zaniolo as capable of playing at wing-back. The Blues' interest in Raphinha prior to his move to Barcelona earlier this summer was in-part due to this perceived versatility. Over at Spurs, Conte also recently revealed that he likes his wing-backs to have had a history of playing as wingers, stating: "The wing-back is really important if you play with three at the back. They're important because it's no good if they are too defensive because in this position you need to have quality. I like to have players that in the past was a winger because in this situation they are good at one vs one." Roma are still open to selling Zaniolo if their €50m asking price is met, while they are also unlikely to accept a loan offer unless it includes a mandatory purchase clause instead of a conditional or optional one. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! If Zaniolo remains at the Stadio Olimpico come September 2, then the Giallorossi plan to hand him a new contract, though it would not be as lucrative as the terms on offer at Chelsea, Juventus or Tottenham.
