Can Chelsea recall Romelu Lukaku in January?
Dec 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/can-chelsea-recall-romelu-lukaku-january
Chelsea are not able to recall Romelu Lukaku from his loan at Inter in January, which threatens to leave the Blues light up front for the rest of the season unless they bring in someone new. As well as allowing Lukaku to re-join Inter, Chelsea sold both Timo Werner and Michy Batshuayi during the summer, only brining in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang by way of a replacement. The Stamford Bridge club have also been hit with the recent blow that back-up striker Armando Broja has suffered an ACL injury and won’t play again until next season. Chelsea paid a huge new club record £97.5m to buy Lukaku from Inter in the summer of 2021, marking his return to west London after mixed spells at Everton and Manchester United. The Belgian powerhouse had scored 64 goals in 95 appearances for Inter across all competitions and had always felt there was unfinished business at Chelsea after failing to make the expected impact when he first joined the club as a teenager in 2011. However, things didn’t go to plan back with the Blues. Lukaku initially started well, only for his form to desert him, followed by a six-game injury absence. Later came an incendiary interview in Italy in which he expressed his discontent at Chelsea and expressed a desire to return to Inter. He apologised for the comments, but the damage was already done and his form never recovered. Inter agreed in June to pay an initial €8m to take Lukaku back to San Siro for the duration of the 2022/23 season, potentially rising to €10m if certain add-ons were triggered. So far, injuries have ensured he has barely played for the Nerazzurri, scoring only once in Serie A. Harry Symeou hosts Andy Headspeath, Quentin Gesp and Jack Gallagher to look back on the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia - join us! If you can’t see the podcast embed, click here to download or listen to the episode in full! Behind Aubameyang, Chelsea’s best options up front are Kai Havertz, who has been known to play as a ‘number nine’ in the past but has primarily been used as a ‘number 10’ this season, and Raheem Sterling, who has been known to be a ‘false nine’.
