Football transfer rumours: Man Utd's 'high priority'; Liverpool 'unlikely' to sign Kone
Jun 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-liverpool-kone-11-6-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United see signing Mason Mount as a 'high priority' but they do not want to pay more than £60m for the Chelsea midfielder. (GiveMeSport) The Red Devils are also on the hunt for a striker and have been aided in their pursuit of Rasmus Hojlund after the Denmark international informed Atalanta that he wants to move to Old Trafford. (Daily Mirror) Hojlund has been linked with a move to Real Madrid as a replacement for Karim Benzema, though they are currently focusing their attentions on RB Leipzig wonderkid Benjamin Sesko. (Fichajes) Real Madrid want to strengthen at right-back as well this summer and have been told that Chelsea's Reece James would like to move to the Santiago Bernabeu. (El Debate) With N'Golo Kante also set to leave Chelsea this summer, Mauricio Pochettino has asked Todd Boehly to bring in Brighton's Moises Caicedo as a replacement. (Rudy Galetti) Liverpool are similarly in the market for a midfielder and have targeted Borussia Monchengladbach's Manu Kone, but they are now 'unlikely' to bring in the young Frenchman. (Sky Sport Germany) READ THE TRANSFER RUMOURS OF THE PAST WEEK HERE manual However, Liverpool are ready to step up their interest in another French player from the Bundesliga - Bayern Munich's Benjamin Pavard. (CaughtOffside) Arsenal target Xavi Simons has admitted that he needs to sit down and discuss his PSV Eindhoven future with his family. (De Volkskrant) Joao Cancelo is another player admired by Arsenal, and he will not be heading back to Manchester City after falling out with manager Pep Guardiola. Barcelona have also been linked with the full-back. (Football Insider) Manchester United and Tottenham are prepared to back away from a deal to sign goalkeeper David Raya if Brentford do not lower their £40m asking price. (Evening Standard) LISTEN NOW
