Man Utd hold talks with Fiorentina star over potential summer transfer
Jul 21, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-hold-talks-fiorentina-potential-summer-transfer
Manchester United are among the sides to have spoken with the representatives of Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat over a summer transfer, 90min understands. United have already brought in Mason Mount from Chelsea but are still in the market for a more defensive-minded midfielder as they prepare to listen to offers for both Fred and Scott McTominay. Amrabat, who shone at the World Cup with Morocco, is among the names on United's wish list and sources have confirmed to 90min that the Red Devils have spoken with Amrabat's representatives to figure out the terms of any potential deal. The 26-year-old, who is in the final year of his contract with Fiorentina, has been given permission to explore a move away and has been valued at €30m (£25.9m) by the Italian side. Atletico Madrid have also held talks over a move for Amrabat, while Liverpool and West Ham made early enquiries but have not yet advanced their interest. feed United have made it clear that they would need to offload a handful of players before formally pursuing a deal for Amrabat. McTominay has attracted interest from West Ham and Fred is wanted in both England and Saudi Arabia, while Eric Bailly, Alex Telles, Donny van de Beek and Anthony Elanga are among those expected to leave. In the meantime, Amrabat is due to return to Fiorentina training on Monday but the Morocco international is keen to see his future resolved before then. Fiorentina general manager Joe Barone recently admitted to Sky Italy: "Sofi is very close to me, he speaks English and I hear from him almost every day. No official offers have arrived for him, I told him to arrive focused on Fiorentina, he must have the head to play in the Viola." The Serie A side are already planning for Amrabat's exit and have struck a deal to sign Arthur from Juventus on loan with a view to a permanent deal.
