Football transfer rumours: Man Utd consider Hojlund alternatives; Liverpool told Lavia price
Jul 26, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-consider-hojlund-alternatives-liverpool-told-lavia-price-26-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United could abandon their pursuit of Rasmus Hojlund if Atalanta do not lower their £86m valuation, with Ajax's Mohammed Kudus and Eintracht Frankfurt's Randal Kolo Muani among their other top targets. (The Times) They may have to act fast if they want to sign Kudus however as the Ghana international has agreed personal terms with Chelsea. Arsenal are continuing to keep an eye on the versatile forward as well. (Caught Offside) Kolo Muani, meanwhile, is being considered by Tottenham should they decide to sell Harry Kane to Bayern Munich. (BILD) Manchester United have also been presented the opportunity to sign David Alaba from Real Madrid. (El Nacional) Real Madrid have touched base with the representatives of Kylian Mbappe, but will only commit to a move this summer if he or PSG go out of their way to make it happen. Mbappe is mulling over an offer from Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal. (ESPN) Arsenal are eyeing a move for Gremio midfielder Bitello, but negotiations are not as advanced as suggested in Brazilian media. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Liverpool have had an opening offer worth an initial £35m for Romeo Lavia rejected by Southampton, with the Saints holding out for a £50m fee. Chelsea are also monitoring the situation. (Guardian) Fabinho's proposed move from Liverpool to Al Ittihad is also in danger of collapsing, though reports suggesting that his dogs not being able to accompany him to Saudi Arabia is proving to be a stumbling block are wide of the mark. (The Athletic) Manchester United have put a £40m price tag on Scott McTominay, who has drawn interest from West Ham. (Daily Mirror) Pep Guardiola has insisted he will 'fight' to keep Kyle Walker at Manchester City amid interest from Bayern Munich. (BBC)
