Gabriel Jesus bids farewell to Man City after sealing Arsenal move
Jul 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/gabriel-jesus-bids-farewell-man-city-sealing-arsenal-move
Gabriel Jesus has thanked Manchester City for helping him develop as a player after sealing a £45m move to Arsenal. The Brazil forward was unveiled as the Gunners' latest signing on Monday morning and heads south to London after five-and-a-half years at the Etihad Stadium. Jesus posted a video on his social media channels admitting it was a dream come true to 'conquer' with Man City and that he felt so many emotions while representing the club. "The little boy from Jardim Peri, in the north of Sao Paulo, had a dream," Jesus said. "When I was a kid, I just wanted to play football. The dream was becoming true. I wanted to conquer in Brazil, and I did. I wanted to represent my country, and I did. "So, the phone rang. On the other side of the line was a new dream, one I hadn't even dreamed of yet. When I realised, I was here. In Manchester, wearing the City shirt. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's impending move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "Here I experienced everything. I cried, I smiled, I conquered, I was happy, I learned. I dreamed of conquering and we did. I experienced everything I ever wanted. Thank you, City. For being my life for more than five years. The boy from Jardim Peri will never stop dreaming." He later reiterated his feelings in a farewell interview with City. “I’m happy to have been here almost six years,” said Jesus. “I just want to say thank you. I want them [the fans] to be happy forever because this club is amazing, this club is special. “I have a good relationship with all of the players, staff, coaches and everyone at City. I wish all the best for the fans and the club.
