Leicester City 'interested' in Atalanta's Robin Gosens
Apr 29, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-city-interested-atalanta-robin-gosen-transfer
Leicester City are keeping tabs on Atalanta's Robin Gosens and see him as their 'main option' in their search for a new left-back. The Foxes sold Ben Chilwell to Chelsea last summer for in excess of £45m, but are yet to reinvest in a direct replacement. The Atalanta star has enjoyed a successful season so far with the high-flying Serie A club, chipping in with an impressive ten goals and eight assists.  Just to be clear - treat this one as unconfirmed information. I have just the one source on this so far.I am currently working to try and corroborate this.Will keep posted where possible ? Journalist Leah Smith initially tweeted that Leicester are closing in on a £20m deal for the Germany international with terms agree, but caveated that by saying the information had come from a single source and was unconfirmed. The Foxes' interest in the 26-year-old was then also reported by transfer specialist Fabrizio Romano, who claims that despite suggestions Manchester City are also interested in the full-back, 'advanced' talks with the Premier League champions-elect have never taken place. Leicester are interested in Robin Gosens. He’s the main option as left back, talks on - Nuno Mendes was also in the list but he’s considered ‘too expensive’. ? #LCFCManchester City have never been in advanced talks for Gosens despite rumours. ? #MCFC @LeahSmith_ Gosens - formerly of Heracles Almelo in the Netherlands - moved to Bergamo in 2017 for approximately £1m and has developed into one of Europe's most revered wing-backs. Gian Piero Gasperini's system affords the German plenty of license to get forward, which he has done to great effect. Brendan Rodgers has rotated between playing a back three and a back four this season. Gosens is capable of playing in either formation, but given his attacking prowess, the fact he's been identified as a target may indicate Rodgers sees playing with a back three and wing-backs as the way forward.
