Leicester Ready to Offer Youri Tielemans Lucrative New Contract
Oct 26, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/leicester-youri-tielemans-lucrative-new-contract-exclusive
Exclusive - Leicester are ready to offer midfield star Youri Tielemans a lucrative new contract that will push the 23-year-old Belgian towards the bracket of top earners at the club. Having seen his career stall at Monaco following a high profile move from Anderlecht in 2017, Tielemans has been re-ignited since making the switch to King Power Stadium in January 2019 and his initial six-month loan was made permanent for around £40m. Although he suffered a dip in form towards the end of last season, as did most in the Leicester squad, Tielemans was a major factor as the Foxes finished fifth, securing European football for only the second time since 2000/01. He has similarly started 2020/21 in fine form and made vital contributions on Sunday night as his team beat Arsenal away for the first time in 47 years. Tielemans' continued excellence has led Leicester to realise they need to appropriately reward him for his progress, and 90min has been informed by a source that they are keen to tie him down to a new and improved contract. There are concerns that he is wanted by bigger European clubs and Juventus, Inter and Paris Saint-Germain have all made discreet enquiries. The player himself is happy at Leicester - Juve, Inter and PSG have all been told that - and is grateful to the club for giving him the chance to kick-start his career.  He is also pleased with the positive direction the Foxes are heading in and was happy to see the recruitment of Wesley Fofana and Cengiz Under over the summer. Tielemans ultimately believes that Leicester are now capable of earning a place in the Champions League, which matches his own ambitions as a player. He has previously played in the competition with both Anderlecht and Monaco. Tielemans would therefore be ready to sign a new contract and commit himself to Leicester, and the club are prepared to offer him a six-figure weekly wage comparable to the £100,000-a-week deal James Maddison signed over the summer.
