Zeki Çelik: Things to Know About the in-Demand Lille Full-Back
Aug 3, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/zeki-celik-things-to-know-about-the-in-demand-lille-full-back
Lille have already sold striker Victor Osimhen to Napoli for a big fee, and there could be some more players following the Nigerian out the exit door after Lille missed out on the Champions League. According to The Times, Tottenham Hotspur are ready to step up their pursuit of right-back Zeki Çelik, who has been identified as a potential replacement for Serge Aurier. The 23-year-old has only spent two years in France and is yet to really establish himself as a household name, so here's everything you need to know about Çelik. Spurs fans need to take note of Çelik's name, but they're not the only English side who are tracking the right-back.Alongside Spurs, Çelik has attracted interest from both Everton and West Ham United this summer, so he might have more than a few chances to make it to the English top flight.  ? #Losc A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Aug 2, 2020 at 10:55am PDT Earlier in his career, Çelik made no secret of his desire to play in the Bundesliga, but recently he has turned his attention to playing in the Premier League.He told TRT Spor that one of his goals is to play in the Premier League, adding that he's already well aware of links to Spurs.He's in no rush to leave Lille, but it looks like Spurs may have caught his eye. Çelik spends a lot of his free time watching footage of other right-backs to try and find things to add to his game, and he told the Turkish Football Federation that one player he enjoys watching is Kyle Walker."I've been watching him since he played in Tottenham," he said. "Sometimes Guardiola also plays himself as a centre-back - something I have done myself. "[I also watch] Thomas Meunier at PSG. There used to be Maicon. I really like the attacking features of Dani Alves. I watch them and imitate them."  Toujours pour le meilleur .. ? A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Jun 18, 2020 at 5:18am PDT Watching footage and trying to improve is never usually a problem, but according to former manager Yalçın Koşkavak, Çelik might be too dedicated.He told Goal: "He didn't give up working like his peers even when he needed a social life. In fact, there were times that I had to force him to have a social life. 'But teacher, I have to work,' he said. He's such a professional player."Koşkavak added that Çelik took that advice on board and now knows how to  balance things better, suggesting that change was behind his move to Lille.  ????❤❤ A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Nov 16, 2019 at 2:18am PST A very studious character, Çelik finished school and spent time at an online university before moving to France, and he has always appreciated that learning English would open more doors in his future.Speaking to Asist Analiz, he confessed that his preferred method of learning is watching TV shows and movies, with Pokémon his show of choice during lockdown.There's no football lingo in Pokémon, but hey, if you ever need someone to help in a battle, Çelik's your man.  What a comeback!! ⚪? @losclive #losc A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Feb 1, 2020 at 2:28pm PST When he's not watching Pokémon, Çelik usually likes playing video games. Football Manager is one of his favourites, but he admitted he has an unhealthy obsession with FIFA.“I love playing FIFA," he said. "I played excessively in quarantine times. I played FIFA for 45 days."He never chooses Lille because he can't help but pass the ball to himself, and as a 76-rated non-rare card, he's actually pretty rubbish in game.  Focus ⚽️ A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Sep 30, 2019 at 6:23am PDT A right-back by trade, Çelik actually prefers to operate higher up on the pitch. During his time in academy football, he actually wanted to be a striker.His coaches pulled him back and actually wanted to play him as a centre-back as a result of his impressive physique, but Çelik refused and instead insisted on a compromise which would allow him to move to right-back.  +3 ?⚪? A post shared by  Mehmet Zeki Çelik (@zekicelik17) on Mar 3, 2019 at 10:06am PST
