Chelsea hold talks with AC Milan over Rafael Leao
Aug 23, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-hold-talks-with-ac-milan-over-rafael-leao
Chelsea have held talks with AC Milan over a possible deal to bring Portuguese forward Rafael Leao to Stamford Bridge this summer, 90min understands. Sources confirmed earlier this summer that Chelsea were among the sides monitoring 23-year-old Leao, who was named Serie A’s Most Valuable Player last season after racking up 11 goals and ten assists to fire Milan to the title. The Blues have maintained contact with Leao's representatives ever since and 90min has learned that talks between the two clubs have taken place over the past few weeks. However, Milan have made it abundantly clear that they are not interested in letting Leao leave this summer. Club director Paolo Maldini described the forward as 'unsellable' at the end of last season and pointed suitors to his release clause of €150m. Both Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid registered an interest in Leao earlier this year but both quickly walked away when the cost of getting a deal done this summer became apparent. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey,Toby Cudworth and Harry Symeou bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Antony attempting to push through a move to Man Utd, Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang's futures at Barcelona and Arsenal's interest in Pedro Neto. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Milan are keen to offer Leao a new contract which would significantly raise that release clause and hand the Portugal international an enormous pay rise as a signal of their intent after winning the Serie A title. As for Chelsea, they continue to negotiate with Barcelona over the signing of 33-year-old Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang at the request of Blues boss Thomas Tuchel, who is looking to reunite with his former Borussia Dortmund forward. Aubameyang is seen as a short-term signing and so Chelsea are looking for a younger option to lead the line in future.
