Harry Kane pleased with Tottenham's 'big signings'
Jul 16, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/harry-kane-pleased-with-tottenham-big-signings
Harry Kane has revealed he has been impressed with Tottenham's transfer market activity so far this summer. Spurs will take their total incomings this window to six players once they announce the signing of Djed Spence. Tottenham's business has also seen them land the likes of Inter wing-back Ivan Perisic, Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma and Everton forward Richarlison. Speaking to football.london, Kane - who was itching to leave the club this time last year - admitted that Spurs have indeed made some 'big signings' and he is looking ahead to the new campaign. "I’m just looking forward to the new season and looking forward to seeing what we can do," Kane replied when asked about last summer's saga. "It’s a big season. We’ve made some big signings, early signings which is great. We haven’t won a trophy in a long time. We haven’t been at the level we know we can in the last two or three years, although we’ve done really well to get a Champions League spot. That gave everyone a good boost around the whole club, and an incentive to go and push on this season. We’ve got that to look forward to but there’s still work to do before the start of the new season. "It’s been a great pre-season so far. I've been back five or six days and it’s been a really good camp. We’ve worked really hard. We’ve got some new singings, some new faces, there's a buzz about the place. It’s been difficult at times in certain sessions but it's been good and everyone’s excited for the season. "It’s not the longest pre-season ever. It will only be a few weeks until that first game but that suits us. We’re working in the right direction. Hopefully we can use some momentum from the end of last season to take it into this year and keep pushing on." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony and Serge Gnabry, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
