Endrick reveals Vinicius Junior's influence on Real Madrid transfer decision
Jul 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/endrick-vinicius-junior-influence-real-madrid-transfer-decision
Endrick has revealed Vinicius Junior gave him the 'strength' to sign for Real Madrid despite interest from elsewhere. The 16-year-old's big money move to Los Blancos was announced in December 2022 but he cannot play for his new club until 2024 due to FIFA regulations. As such, Endrick is currently plying his trade at Brazilian club Palmeiras, where he has scored seven goals so far this season. Speaking about his decision to join Real Madrid over the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona, the youngster revealed the huge role current Blancos superstar Vinicius played in his decision. He told Marca: "Vinicius is a friend of mine. I was able to spend the holidays with him, I was able to see him and talk to him. feed "He told me a lot of things about Real Madrid. He told me I'm going to be fine. It is a very good message knowing that it is the word of a player who is there and also Brazilian. By playing there he becomes an idol for me. "It can become a mirror for many people. His word gave me even more strength to close it with Real Madrid. Before I went on vacation with him I had already closed it. So I arrived calmer. I talked to him, to the people there and I thank God for that." While Endrick needed Vinicius to help him choose Real Madrid, he was also keen to insist Los Blancos were always his first choice thanks in large part to the Brazilian legends who have played for the club. "My name wasn't going to be Endrick, it was going to be Di Stefano, who was a Real Madrid player. So I went to look into it. I also looked at the Brazilians who have played like Ronaldo, Vinicius now, Rodrigo, Eder [Militao]...so as I saw my idols play there, as I saw the history of Real Madrid, I became even more interested. I became interested in the biggest club in Europe. "Then I saw it as a challenge for me to try to play for Madrid, which was the team I always wanted. Play for Real Madrid. That's why I chose Real Madrid. I always wanted to go there."
