Agent Denies Manchester United Have Opened Talks With Corentin Tolisso
Jun 12, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/agent-denies-manchester-united-corentin-tolisso-bayern-munich-talks
Manchester United have not started talks over a possible deal for Bayern Munich midfielder Corentin Tolisso, the player’s agent has declared, denying a recent rumour claiming they had. The usually reliable RMC reporter Mohamed Bouhafsi wrote earlier this week that both United and Inter are interested in Tolisso, whom he claimed can leave Bayern for €35m (£31m) this summer. Bouhafsi further alleged that United specifically were already in talks the player’s camp. But that has swiftly been denied by agent Eric Castagnino. “I am not having any discussions with Manchester United. Corentin is currently injured and his return to the field is an absolute priority,” Castagnino told Sky in Germany. A product of Lyon’s prominent academy, Tolisso has been with Bayern since a deal worth an initial €41.5m was agreed in the summer of 2017. He enjoyed a reasonable first season at the club, starting 17 times in the Bundesliga as Bayern claimed yet another title. But injuries have plagued the Frenchman since, limiting him to only four appearances and 81 minutes of action in the whole of last season. This season saw Tolisso in and out of the Bayern side under both Niko Kovac and current coach Hansi Flick, prior to undergoing ankle surgery that has ruled him out of all game since the restart. United’s priority in the transfer market remains Borussia Dortmund and England winger Jadon Sancho, despite an ongoing standoff between the clubs over price. Central midfield, from being a weakness only a few months ago, is now arguably a strength and selection headache for United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Paul Pogba has recovered from long-term injury and is expected to hit it off with January signing Bruno Fernandes, while Scott McTominay returned from injury shortly before English football was suspended. Fred has been a contender for the club’s Player of the Year award all season and even Nemanja Matic has enjoyed an unexpected resurgence since January.
