Tyrell Malacia opens up on imminent Man Utd move
Jul 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/tyrell-malacia-opens-up-imminent-man-utd-move
Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia has opened up on his desire to join Manchester United - a deal which is expected to be finalised in the near future. The Dutch international is already in Manchester and has completed his medical, with a signature all that is missing from his €15m move to Old Trafford. United are yet to confirm his transfer, but speaking to De Telegraaf, Malacia made is clear that his dream to represent the Red Devils is about to become a reality. When asked for his opinion on United, Malacia said: “One of the biggest clubs in the world with a fantastic stadium and a wonderful history and of course with many top players who have played there. “I always followed Manchester United because Robin van Persie played there. That’s why I got an extra feeling with that. “In the youth [team] of Feyenoord we played a youth tournament at United and I said: ‘I will come back here someday’. That has now come true and that is of course wonderful!” Malacia even confessed that he has spoken with Van Persie and another fellow Dutchman, Tahith Chong, who came through the Feyenoord youth academy before leaving for United in the summer of 2016. “I’ve talked to him [Van Persie] about the club and the city. About residential areas. I also heard a lot through my childhood friend Tahith Chong, with whom I played at Feyenoord,” he added. “Yes, proud but also very grateful that I get this opportunity. This is not for everyone and I understand that the work at an even higher level is only just beginning. Getting better every day and showing that you can measure up at this level. “I have worked hard all my career and this is a reward for that, for me and for all the people who have always supported me and believed in me. My parents, my family and close friends, my many years of guidance and mentor Tony Pengel. That’s why I think it’s great that I can share this with them.” Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Finally, Malacia admitted that a conversation with United boss Erik ten Hag helped him make up his mind.
