Leeds United confirm agreement to sign Rasmus Kristensen
Jun 8, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-united-confirm-agreement-rasmus-kristensen
Leeds United have confirmed an agreement has been reached with Red Bull Salzburg for the transfer of Rasmus Kristensen. The 24-year-old will join the club on a five-year contract at the beginning of July, with Leeds having seen off strong competition for his signature from Brentford. Kristensen is Leeds' second signing of the summer and will join Brenden Aaronson at Elland Road - the American having also joined from Salzburg last month. 🤩 #WelcomeRasmus pic.twitter.com/tALtALfbRf “When I heard about the interest I looked at the project and what was going on and I was never in doubt, I was 100 per cent convinced,” Kristensen told the club's official website. “It’s a huge historical club which is playing in the best league in the world and for me, it fits everything that I love about a football club. “I know a lot of things about the club, where I am from, a small village, most of my father’s mates are Leeds fans. “I want to compete against the best and I will do that here." “I see myself as a physical, emotional power player, I like to go forward, run up and down the flank and I have a big engine for that. “I’m a guy who puts 100 per cent effort in every time I’m on the pitch and I’ll die with my boots on. “It’s been a great few days with the national team, playing games, flying in and out, it’s been busy but good. “With the national team having four games in the Nations League, it fit in perfectly to come to Leeds in-between the two days with a day off from the national team coach, so I’m pleased and happy that everything is settled and everything is done.” Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeousteps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. “I had a brilliant relationship with Jesse in Salzburg. “I feel like I fit right into the philosophy and system that he wants to play and hopefully I can show that on the pitch.
