Transfer Window 2020: This Summer's Done Deals, Updates & Rumours - Live Blog
Oct 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-window-2020-rumours-official-deals-live
The 2020 summer transfer window is finally open - and 90min have you covered here with the latest in what will be a frantic ten week spell for every top club in Europe. You'll find the latest breaking news from across Europe, including confirmed deals and all the rumours you need to keep an eye on before the window slams shut. The transfer window is set to close across the board on October 5. Despite talk of an imminent move to Bayern Munich for Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi, The Athletic's Simon Johnson states that the winger will 100% be staying at Stamford Bridge this summer. West Ham midfielder Josh Cullen is close to leaving the club to join Anderlecht, according to HLN's Pieter-Jan Calcoen. #Calciomercato | Prime immagini per #Bakayoko in Italia: visite mediche per il #Napoli https://t.co/Vz0h9Zh8Wp According to Gianluca Di Marzio, Chelsea midfielder Tiemoué Bakayoko is set to join Napoli on a season-long loan with no option to buy. Edinson Cavani is expected in Manchester today to put pen to paper on his move to United. As long as he signs before October 5, he can be registered for the Red Devils' Champions League squad. ?? The American Dream in Barcelona.?? @sergino_dest, welcome to Barça! #DE2TCuler pic.twitter.com/gq6avTiHq8 Barcelona have completed the signing of right-back Sergiño Dest from Ajax. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio has confirmed to Sky Sport Italia that left-back Dalbert is set to join Rennes in the near future. According to Fabrizio Romano, Antonio Conte has his sights set on Chelsea outcast Marcos Alonso as his replacement. Writing your name: - on the contract ?️ - on the scoresheet ?⚽ (this time playing for us) Welcome, Jens Petter Hauge! ?? #ReadyToUnleash #SempreMilan pic.twitter.com/AHpBQ4vPxi AC Milan have completed the signing of Norway winger Jens Petter Hauge from Bodø/Glimt on a permanent basis.  Champions League! What a night! ✔️?⚫️ A post shared by  Hans Vanaken (@hansvanaken20) on Aug 28, 2019 at 4:35pm PDT West Ham have had a £13m bid for Club Brugge midfielder Hans Vanaken rejected, according to HLN. Brugge would want a significantly higher fee to part ways with the goalscoring midfielder, so it's thought that this deal is dead.  Alegria do Senhor é a nossa força! A post shared by  Carlos Vinicius (@carlosvinicius95) on Aug 20, 2020 at 11:12am PDT Tottenham have agreed a deal to bring in Benfica striker Carlos Vinícius on loan with an option to buy for £41m. Check out the full story here. RMC Sport state that Lyon are close to an agreement to sign AC Milan midfielder Lucas Paquetá for a fee of around €20m. Could that be the catalyst for Houssem Aouar's move to Arsenal? Sky Deutschland, who have previously reported on Bayern Munich's interest in signing Callum Hudson-Odoi, now state that the feeling is mutual as the Chelsea man wants to make the move. ? in ?&⚪️Happy to see Filip Krovinović join for the 2020/21 @premierleague campaign, Baggies? pic.twitter.com/4wJUSWckwi Benfica midfielder Filip Krovinović has renewed his loan with West Brom, returning to the Hawthorns for the remainder of this season. Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas has warned Arsenal and Barcelona that they only have until Friday to complete deals for midfielder Houssem Aouar and forward Memphis Depay. Check out the full story here.  Miss this feeling so much ?⏳ #backsoon #miasanmia #mc11 A post shared by @ michaelcuisance on Sep 6, 2020 at 10:45am PDT Leeds have offered €20m to sign young Bayern Munich midfielder Michaël Cuisance, and according to a combination of Fabrizio Romano and Christian Falk, talks are progressing well. Bayern are prepared to let Cuisance go this summer, but only for the right price.  Stay healthy & see you guys soon ? A post shared by  Karlan Grant (@karlangrant) on Mar 13, 2020 at 10:33am PDT West Brom are looking to strike a deal to sign Huddersfield forward Karlan Grant, according to the Express & Star. Talks have been held over a loan move which would see West Brom pay £5m now and a further £13m to make the move permanent next summer if they avoid relegation. #RBLeipzig are pleased to announce the signing of defender Joško #Gvardiol ✍️The 18-year-old will join the club on 1st July 2021, remaining at @gnkdinamo for the current season ???⚪ #DieRotenBullen pic.twitter.com/s6sVDHaZcz RB Leipzig have beaten Leeds to the signing of Dinamo Zagreb centre-back Joško Gvardiol, who will remain with his current side until next summer. The Sun claim Bournemouth are looking to hijack Reading's move for Atlético Madrid winger Rodrigo Riquelme. Riquelme is rumoured to have been training with Reading during the summer, but Bournemouth want to snap him up before the 20-year-old puts pen to paper. West Ham are preparing a bid for 22-year-old Swansea City centre-back Joe Rodon, according to Pete O'Rourke.  Counting down the days! #FridayFeeling ?? A post shared by  Chris Benteke (@christianbenteke) on May 29, 2020 at 9:27am PDT Football Insider claim that Tottenham's search for a backup striker has taken them to Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke. Palace hope to cut ties with the struggling Belgian, and Mourinho is said to have given the green light to a move.  ???? A post shared by  Marlonsantos (@marlonsantos_ms4) on Jul 22, 2020 at 11:35am PDT Fulham's move to sign Sassuolo centre-back Marlon has fallen apart after the former Barcelona man failed his medical, according to The Athletic. Benfica have confirmed they have reached an agreement to sell Rúben Dias to Mancheste City, with Nicolás Otamendi moving in the opposite direction. Check out their statement here. PSG have already been linked with both Chelsea's Antonio Rüdiger and Tiemoué Bakayoko, and now according to Téléfoot, the French side have brought up Jorginho's name in discussions as well. Lazio have opened talks with Manchester United to sign Andreas Pereira. He’s considered as an ‘option’, negotiations with #MUFC have just started. ? @SkySport #transfers Romano adds that Lazio have opened talks with Manchester United over a potential deal to sign midfielder Andreas Pereira.  Amazing feeling! A post shared by  Sergiño Dest (@sgd_2) on Aug 12, 2019 at 10:13am PDT Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign Ajax right-back Sergiño Dest for a fee of around €22m, according to Fabrizio Romano. Confirmation is expected in the coming hours, so stay tunred. ✍️ #LUFC are delighted to announce the signing of defender Diego Llorente from Real Sociedad Leeds have completed the signing of Spanish defender Diego Llorente from Real Sociedad. According to Fabrizio Romano, Spurs remain in talks with Inter over a possible deal for centre-back Milan Škriniar. Inter want €60m but Spurs are only prepared to offer up €50m. It’s official! Edouard Mendy is a Blue! ✍️?#WelcomeMendy And just as promised, here he is. Édouard Mendy is a Chelsea player. Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has confirmed that he is expecting goalkeeper Édouard Mendy to be announced as a new Chelsea player in the coming hours. Stay tuned. ↩️ | Lewis Gibson will spend the rest of 2020/21 on loan at @ReadingFC.Good luck for the season, @LewisGippa3! ? 20-year-old Everton defender Lewis Gibson has joined Championship outfit Reading on loan for the 2020/21 season. Atlético Madrid and Barcelona have a total agreement for Luis Suarez. Tonight’s meeting was 100% positive. There’s no problem atm - he’s joining @atleti, here we go confirmed! Just a matter of time. Luis va a ser rojiblanco. ⚪️? @MatteMoretto #Suarez #Atleti #Barcelona #FCB https://t.co/Rn3VKhh27e It looks like the very scary possibility of Luis Suarez leading the line alongside Diego Costa under the stewardship of Diego Simeone at Atletico Madrid is going to become a reality. We should be afraid. Very, very afraid. ✍️ | Goalkeeper João Virginia has signed a new four-year contract with #EFC.Congrats, @1JoaoVirginia! ? Everton goalkeeper João Virgínia has inked a new four-year contract at Goodison Park. pic.twitter.com/8NODZFxWi7 Could we be about to see the arrival of the King of the North, Alexander Sørloth? Leeds are in talks with Real Sociedad over a move for defender Diego Llorente, according to BBC Sport. Marcelo Bielsa sees the 27-year-old as a good alternative to current first-choice pairing Robin Koch and Liam Cooper. Alexander Sørloth will join RB Leipzig on next few hours. Tottenham no longer in talks to sign him, Manchester United were never interested. €22m as final fee to Trabzonspor. Official soon. ?? #Leipzig #MUFC #THFC Despite reports suggesting otherwise, Fabrizio Romano has confirmed that Alexander Sørloth is set to join RB Leipzig in the near future, with Tottenham ending their interest and United never actually wanting the player. Ah, the fun of the transfer window.  Point important obtenu pour lancer la saison ???? #toutdonner #M16 #ligue1ubereats #uhlsport ?⚫️ A post shared by  Edouard Mendy (@edou_mendy) on Aug 23, 2020 at 7:25am PDT If you were in any doubt about Chelsea's move for goalkeeper Édouard Mendy, Frank Lampard has confirmed that the Rennes man is undergoing a medical right now and could be confirmed as a Chelsea player in the near future. ? | IT'S OFFICIAL@kingarturo23 has joined Inter! ? https://t.co/r1gXNKJpxm#WelcomeVidal pic.twitter.com/GDIdr7ojtO Inter have completed the signing of Chilean midfielder Arturo Vidal from Barcelona on a permanent deal. Good morning, Gooners! ? pic.twitter.com/J2YLGDygrX Arsenal have completed a deal to sign Icelandic goalkeeper Alex Rúnarsson from Dijon. AD note that Bayern Munich are closer to reaching an agreement with Ajax to sign right-back Sergiño Dest. The two sides aren't there just yet, but the gap in valuation between them both has shrunk considerably. According to Asist Analiz, Alexander Sørloth's move to RB Leipzig has fallen through and he is now expected to join either Tottenham or Manchester United.  90 mins in the tank ? ready for next weekend ? #mufc #jlingz A post shared by  JLingz? (@jesselingard) on Sep 13, 2020 at 8:32am PDT Alasdair Gold has moved to pour cold water on Tottenham's potential move for Manchester United's Jesse Lingard, suggesting that there may not be as much to the story as first suggested. Leeds United are expected to miss out on the signing of Dinamo Zagreb youngster Joško Gvardiol, according to Sportske novosti. Marcelo Bielsa's side had a €22m bid accepted and even offered the centre-back a hefty contract, but Gvardiol has chosen to join RB Leipzig instead. According to Fabrizio Romano, Wolves will complete the signing of Portuguese right-back Nélson Semedo from Barcelona today.  ???? A post shared by  Marlonsantos (@marlonsantos_ms4) on Jul 22, 2020 at 11:35am PDT Fulham are eyeing a deal for Sassuolo centre-back Marlon, according to Fabrizio Romano. The 25-year-old joined from Barcelona in 2018 and has managed 41 appearances for the Italian side in all competitions.  Did someone say 17th June restart? ? A post shared by  Dele (@dele) on May 28, 2020 at 8:49am PDT Paris Saint-Germain have opened talks with Tottenham over a deal to sign midfielder Dele Ali, who was left out of the matchday squad to face Southampton today. Check out the full story here. ? #ÜnderTaken ? pic.twitter.com/gznqopgpBT Leicester have completed the signing of winger Cengiz Ünder from Roma on loan for the remainder of the season. It's been dragging on for a while now, but Chelsea are finally closing in on Rennes goalkeeper Édouard Mendy after the French side's manager, Julien Stéphan, confirmed to Téléfoot that Mendy will 'undoubtedly leave to join Chelsea'. As you were CG x pic.twitter.com/14SXN0zEG7 There's plenty of hype surrounding young Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher, who enjoyed loan spells at Charlton and Swansea last season. Now, he gets the chance to play regular Premier League football with Slaven Bilic's West Brom, with a loan deal for the 2020/21 season confirmed.  Thank you so much for the incredible support again ! perfect day for us ?? #MOT we keep believing !!! A post shared by  JK Augustin (@augustin_29) on Feb 15, 2020 at 1:04pm PST The dispute between Leeds and RB Leipzig over the future of striker Jean-Kévin Augustin is expected to head to court soon, according to Kicker. Leeds, who claim their agreement to sign Augustin is void after the season was delayed, are due to make the first part of their payment in the near future, and if (when) they don't, Leipzig are ready to head to court.  Nice to be back in a @chelseafc shirt! ? #preseason A post shared by  Conor Gallagher (@conorgallagher92) on Aug 30, 2020 at 10:55am PDT West Brom manager Slaven Bilić has confirmed (via Steve Madeley) that Chelsea starlet Conor Gallagher's loan move to the club is all but finalised.  Being on the pitch is the best feeling ever! #believe2achieve  #SD28 A post shared by  Sergiño Dest (@sgd_2) on Jul 3, 2020 at 7:54am PDT Ajax have rejected a €15m offer from Bayern Munich for right-back Sergiño Dest, according to De Telegraaf. Barcelona are interested as well, but Bayern are expected to return with a bigger bid. Gareth Bale to Tottenham, here we go! Last details to be sorted about salary [shared with Real Madrid] and Gareth will fly tomorrow to London. He’ll complete medicals and join #THFC - one year loan. Mourinho approved the deal. Reguilon expected for tomorrow too [100% done]. ⚪️ Despite reports in Spain suggesting Sergio Reguilón's move to Tottenham could go through today, Fabrizio Romano states it'll actually be tomorrow. The same goes for Gareth Bale, who is expected to finish off the final stages of his medical in London tomorrow. After months of speculation, Liverpool have finally agreed a fee with Bayern Munich for midfielder Thiago Alcántara. You can read the full story here.  No matter what happens, the sun is always shining in the end. A post shared by  Cengiz Ünder (@cengizunder) on Jun 29, 2020 at 1:32pm PDT According to The Guardian, Leicester are close to landing Roma winger Cengiz Ünder on loan with an obligation to buy, with the final fee standing at £24.6m. What could today bring for Tottenham? Sergio Reguilón's permanent move from Real Madrid has been tipped to go through today, but might we get something more about Gareth Bale's return to the club? They're both believed to have passed medicals already, and you can read all about that here.  Great character shown from the boys against a good side! Another 2 goals tonight ?? A post shared by  Balogun (@folarinbalogun67) on Mar 3, 2020 at 2:59pm PST Arsenal have rejected a £3m bid for academy starlet Folarin Balogun from Sheffield United, according to the Daily Mail. The Gunners are holding out for closer to £15m to part ways with the 19-year-old, who has made it clear he wants to leave the Emirates before his contract expires next summer. ?❤️ @Miralem_Pjanic is Barça’s new Nº 8️⃣!#PjanicCuler pic.twitter.com/oifUVPI86h Miralem Pjanić has been unveiled at Camp Nou after completing his move to Barcelona from Juventus. ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ?@JackGrealish has signed a new five-year contract with Aston Villa! ?#Grealish2025 Aston Villa have confirmed that England international Jack Grealish has signed a new five-year contract at Villa Park. Arsenal are considering loaning out midfielder Lucas Torreira after struggling to find a permanent buyer, according to The Guardian. Torino and Fiorentina are named as two potential landing spots for the Uruguay international. ? @AcunaMarcos17 has signed for #SevillaFC and will arrive at the pre-season training camp later today. ⚪️???#vamosmiSevilla #WeareSevilla Sevilla have completed the signing of left-back Marcos Acuña from Sporting CP on a permanent basis. But... where will Sergio Reguilón go now? Never change, Denis! ?Ours for a little longer. ?#FFC pic.twitter.com/aLOXlAddVE It's been a big day for Fulham, who have confirmed that defenders Denis Odoi and Joe Bryan have both put pen to paper on new contracts at Craven Cottage. West Brom boss Slaven Bilić admitted yesterday that he expects Branislav Ivanović to take part in training today.  Does that mean confirmation of this one could finally be coming?  I was really happy to get a goal and great win yesterday!  Nice way to end our trip in China?? #plasiatrophy @iamserenataylor A post shared by  武藤嘉紀/Yoshinori Muto (@yoshinori_muto_09) on Jul 21, 2019 at 4:41am PDT Newcastle striker Yoshinori Muto is close to sealing a season-long loan move to Eibar, reports the Newcastle Chronicle. Sky Sports News add that the deal has been agreed, and there is no option to buy included. According to The Telegraph, Arenal have enquired about Dijon goalkeeper Rúnar Alex Rúnarsson as they prepare to say goodbye to Emiliano Martínez. Aston Villa have completed the signing of Emiliano Martinez from Arsenal - contract signed until June 2024. Talks on with Werder for Milot Rashica.And Arsenal keep working to sell players [Torreira too] and then will try again for a top midfielder [Aouar or Thomas] ? #AFC #AVFC Arsenal goalkeeper Emiliano Martínez has completed a medical with Aston Villa, and Fabrizio Romano has revealed that the deal is completed. Just a matter of time before the announcement?  Orgulloso de este país, de su cultura y de su gente. Felices 211 años de independencia. ¡Juntos somos imparables! ??❤️ A post shared by  Pervis Estupiñan (@pervisestupinan_oficial) on Aug 10, 2020 at 2:27pm PDT Seeing Pervis Estupiñán in the Championship always seemed to good to be true.  According to the Watford Observer, Villarreal are close to striking a £15m deal to lure the Watford left-back back to Spain. Could we have a new player in the race for Bayern Munich midfielder Thiago? Sport Mediaset certainly believe so. As the story goes, Juventus could look to bring Thiago over to Italy in a deal which would send Douglas Costa back to Bayern as both sides value their player at €30m.  Prepa?? @dfco_officiel A post shared by  Mounir Chouiar (@mounir.chouiar) on Jul 14, 2020 at 7:09am PDT Dijon winger Mounir Chouiar is on the radar of Leeds United, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Arsenal, according to France Football. The 21-year-old, who has previously been linked with Chelsea, could cost between €15m and €20m Sky Italia state that Tottenham have failed with a bid to take Torino striker Andrea Belotti on loan for the season.  Good Graft with the lads, @theboroofficial A post shared by  ravel morrison (@1ravel) on May 29, 2020 at 4:00am PDT After his release from Sheffield United, Ravel Morrison is in talks with several Dutch sides over a possible move to the Eredivisie. That's according to the Daily Mail, who name Vitesse and Utrecht as two interested sides.  Inolvidable!!!! Forza Atleti!!! ?⚽️? A post shared by  Álvaro Morata (@alvaromorata) on Mar 11, 2020 at 4:17pm PDT Marca state that Juventus have lodged a huge €50m bid to sign Atlético Madrid forward Álvaro Morata under the orders of manager Andrea Pirlo. To make this even weirder, Atléti have rejected that and want his release clause of €150m to be triggered.  West Brom to continue talks with #cfc legend Branislav Ivanovic over a move to the Hawthorns. Ivanovic could sign for the season in the next 48 hours. Last played in the Premier League in December 2016 #wba https://t.co/0pr6MQjwO3 West Bromwich Albion remain in talks with former Chelsea right-back Branislav Ivanović over a potential return to the Premier League, according to John Percy. According to Sven Claes, Michy Batshayi has passed his medical with Crystal Palace and could confirm his loan switch to the Eagles later today.  Diamo tutti #unrossoallaviolenza A post shared by  ALESSANDRO FLORENZI (@florenzi) on Nov 24, 2019 at 8:40am PST After failing with a move for Arsenal's Héctor Belerín, Fabrizio Romano notes that PSG have struck a deal to sign Roma's Alessandro Florenzi instead. Forenzi will move to France on loan, but PSG will hold an option to buy him permanently. No, not that king. Bournemouth's Josh King. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wants to bring his fellow Norwegian to Old Trafford this summer, but United aren't convinced just yet. Read the full story here. ? | ANNOUNCEMENTAleksandar #Kolarov joins Inter! ⚫?? https://t.co/mnmBArvfzO#WelcomeKolarov #NotForEveryone pic.twitter.com/uWMmxi9Y99 Inter have completed the signing of left-back Aleksandar Kolarov from Roma on a permanent deal.  Back at it ⚒ A post shared by  Michy Batshuayi (@mbatshuayi) on Sep 3, 2020 at 8:58am PDT The Daily Mail report that Chelsea striker Michy Batshuayi is set to ink a 12-month contract extension before heading out on loan to Crystal Palace. As a consequence, Blues midfielder Conor Gallagher will no longer be able to join Palace and could instead head to West Bromwich Albion. Parma right-back Matteo Darmian is inching closer to sealing a move to Inter, according to Corriere dello Sport (via Sempre Inter). The deal was actually agreed between the two clubs a year ago when Darmian swapped Manchester United for Parma, which sounds a little weird... According to Fabrizio Romano, Bayer Leverkusen are close to reinvesting the Kai Havertz money in Roma forward Patrick Schick, who has penned a five-year contract with the German side. ?? | It's official... @jamesdrodriguez is a Blue! ?#AlóJames pic.twitter.com/hNDsLvtqtT The name's Bond, James Rodríguez.  Família, estamos no caminho certo. JUNTOS ATÉ O FIM ?⚽️??? Parabéns pelo incrível trabalho. ???‍♂️ +3 A post shared by  alextelles13 (@alextelles13) on Jul 9, 2020 at 3:45pm PDT Portuguese outlet A Bola believe that the representatives of Porto left-back Alex Telles have travelled to Manchester to discuss a move to United. ? Raring to go! ?#NUFC pic.twitter.com/X7GUXXfddI Callum Wilson is a Newcastle player, and according to David Ornstein, he's taken Joelinton's number 9 shirt.  3️⃣4️⃣ A post shared by  Ola Aina (@olaaina) on May 10, 2020 at 7:52am PDT Fabrizio Romano states that Fulham have agreed a deal to sign Torino right-back Ola Aina on loan with an option to buy. The 23-year-old knows England well, having risen through the ranks with west London neighbours Chelsea before leaving in 2019.  ??‍♂️?? A post shared by  13 (@callumwilson) on Aug 28, 2020 at 2:49am PDT Could we be getting confirmation of Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson's move to Newcastle United soon? That's what all the latest reports say, so keep your eyes peeled. Chelsea winger Kenedy is closing in on a season-long loan move to Granada, according to David Ornstein.  ?‍♂️? #ForzaInter ⚫️? @inter A post shared by  Lautaro Javier Martinez (@lautaromartinez) on Aug 14, 2020 at 12:12pm PDT With life at Camp Nou falling apart slightly slower following Lionel Messi's decision to stay, Barcelona can focus on improving the squad, and the man at the top of the wish list is Inter's Lautaro Martínez. According to Goal, Barça are tired after months of getting nowhere with negotiations and are now readying their final offer for the Argentine.  Final minutes complete✅ Ready for the season⚽️ #DCFC @dcfcofficial A post shared by  Bogezzz (@jaydenbogle37) on Sep 2, 2020 at 7:44am PDT This could be a busy day for Sheffield United, who are closing in on deals to sign Derby duo Jayden Bogle and Max Lowe as well as West Brom winger Oliver Burke. According to Sky Sports News, Bogle and Lowe will set the Blades back a cool £15m, but the deal for Burke will largely be funded by sending Callum Robinson in the other direction. ⚽️ BREAKING NEWS: Young #Brewers star signs @ChelseaFC dealFull story here ? https://t.co/vgSBjbsOwY#BAFC pic.twitter.com/c0HLRXX9s2 After a summer of searching for a new goalkeeper, Chelsea have finally got one - 17-year-old Teddy Sharman-Lowe from Burton Albion. The teenager has signed a long-term contract and will remain with Burton in League One for the coming season, so he won't be replacing Kepa just yet. Sky Sports News state that Bournemouth have accepted a £20m bid from Newcastle for striker Callum Wilson following their relegation to the second tier. Aston Villa did bid £21m but withdrew their offer after Wilson made it clear he wanted the move to St James' Park instead. Thanks and all the best, @alvaroodriozola! ??#FCBayern #MiaSanMia Bayern Munich have bid farewell to right-back Álvaro Odriozola, who has returned to Real Madrid after his loan deal expired.  ???? Champions!!! ???? Amazing game played by my team! ?⚽️ Super proud of my teammates and so happy for our supporters! We've earned this! Thanks, Gunners! This one's for you! ???? ???? Campeones!!! ???? Partidazo del equipo! ?⚽️ Súper Orgulloso de mis compañeros y emocionado por nuestra afición! Nos lo hemos merecido! Gracias Gunners! Va por vosotros! ???? @Arsenal #FACup #Fourteen A post shared by  Daniel Ceballos Fernandez (@danifuli10) on Aug 2, 2020 at 11:05am PDT According to Goal, Real Madrid midfielder Dani Ceballos has arrived back in England for a new Arsenal medical ahead of sealing his return to the Emirates Stadium. The deal, which does not include an obligation to buy, could be confirmed before the weekend.  Excited for the national team! ?? A post shared by  Kai Havertz ?⚽️✌? (@kaihavertz29) on Aug 25, 2020 at 11:41am PDT Chelsea have moved one step closer to announcing a deal for Bayer Leverkusen forward Kai Havertz after finalising the payment plan and bonuses with the German side on Thursday, according to Sky Sport Deutschland. He is not believed to have had a medical just yet but could arrive in London on Saturday to do so if the German national team let him go.  Another great victory, let’s continue like this ??. Loving the new kit ? @officialasroma ?❤️ A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Jul 26, 2020 at 2:04pm PDT Sky Sport Italia report that Roma are closing in on a move for Manchester United centre-back Chris Smalling. The Englishman is expected to return to Rome on loan with an obligation to buy for around £10m. Welcome to the Villa, Matty Cash! ?#AVFC pic.twitter.com/cddoi6Dugb Aston Villa have completed the signing of versatile right-back Matty Cash from Nottingham Forest. Report suggest that Lionel Messi will make a final decision on his Barcelona future today, with the signs suggesting he might end up staying after all. Check out the full story here. Rennes are looking for close to the £40m mark to part ways with Chelsea target Édouard Mendy this summer, according to The Telegraph.  WHAT A TEAM ? .. #CL2020 #Bayern A post shared by  Ivan Perišić (@ivanperisic444) on Aug 24, 2020 at 2:22pm PDT Bayern Munich are hoping to strike a deal to keep Inter loanee Ivan Perišić at the club, with Bild stating that Bayern are confident a deal can be reached. Fabrizio Romano adds that Inter are looking for €15m, but Bayern are only prepared to offer €12m. ? @ivanrakitic returns home, he is a #SevillaFC player once again! ???‍♂️Welcome back, Ivan! ??️#vamosmiSevilla #WeareSevilla Six years after swapping Sevilla for Barcelona, midfielder Ivan Rakitić has completed a move back to the Europa League winners. ✍️ | Anthony Gordon has signed a new five-year contract! #EFC ? Young Everton winger Anthony Gordon has put pen to paper on a new five-year contract at Goodison Park. The Telegraph state that Newcastle have agreed personal terms with former Bournemouth winger Ryan Fraser, but the Scot is waiting to see whether any other sides come in for him before confirming the move.  ?? A post shared by  13 (@callumwilson) on Jun 14, 2020 at 3:16am PDT Both Aston Villa and Newcastle United have reached out to Bournemouth over a deal for striker Callum Wilson, according to Sky Sports News. Villa are prepared to offer straight cash, while Newcastle have proposed a player-plus-cash swap with Matt Richie. According to Ogün Şahinoğlu, Beşiktaş are keen to add a new midfielder this summer and have Leicester's Nampalys Mendy at the top of their wish list. Mendy only signed a three-year contract a week ago, so Plan B for the Turkish side is Chelsea's Danny Drinkwater. I‘m delighted to announce that I’ve permanently joined the #giallorossi ?❤️??? I‘d like to thank @arsenal , its personnel & the millions of #gunners all whom supported me over the past 1,5Y. A special thanks to A. Wenger for having brought me to the club and for his trust in me pic.twitter.com/KD8QJuhAbT Henrikh Mkhitaryan has completed a permanent move to Roma, with Arsenal terminating his contract to get a deal over the line. Manchester United expect to receive a new bid soon from AS Roma to sell Chris Smalling on a permanent deal. Man Utd board are also working to sign a new CB if a ‘good opportunity’ will be on the market on next weeks. ? #MUFC #ManUtd Fabrizio Romano states that Manchester United are bracing themselves for a fresh bid from Roma for centre-back Chris Smalling, who spent last season on loan with I Giallorossi.
