Florentino Perez comments on Kylian Mbappe to Real Madrid transfer rumours
Oct 19, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/florentino-perez-comments-on-kylian-mbappe-to-real-madrid-transfer-rumours
Florentino Perez has insisted that signing Kylian Mbappe now would make 'no sense' for Real Madrid. Los Blancos tried to sign Mbappe earlier this year, and were seemingly close to doing so before the forward changed his mind at the last minute and and signed a new contract at Paris Saint-Germain Now though, 90min understands that the Frenchman has asked to leave PSG, unhappy with the transfer business they conducted in the summer and his current role in the team.  As a result, talk has inevitably re-start about Mbappe joining Carlo Ancelotti's side, but Perez says his club aren't planning to make such a move. With the young attacking talent already at the club, the club president has stated that attempting to sign Mbappe wouldn't make sense.  "I’m not even paying attention to the rumours. We had a good summer of rumours and gossip and all of that is pointless now," he said. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth are joined by Tom Gott in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Erling Haaland's Manchester City release clause, Mason Mount's future at Chelsea and their sporting director plans, and what the future could hold for 700-goal Cristiano Ronaldo at Man Utd. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! "Signing him makes no sense for us now, our attackers are developing in a great way. Vinicius and Rodrygo are two formidable players. I see them both as potential Ballon D’Or winners, we have to see how they keep developing.  "We’re only focusing on the players we have now and we’re doing just fine. [Eduardo] Camavinga, [Federico] Valverde, [Eder] Militao and [Aurelien] Tchoauemeni are young and have a promising future ahead of them.” Perez also took some time to discuss Karim Benzema, the man who just won his first Ballon d'Or, saying that his triumph is well overdue: 
