Manchester United Agree Deal for Uruguayan Forward Facundo Pellistri
Oct 4, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-united-agree-deal-uruguayan-forward-facundo-pellistri
Manchester United have agreed a deal with Penarol to sign Facundo Pellistri before the transfer deadline passes on Monday. As the millions of supporters of the club around the world wait patiently for any updates about a certain Borussia Dortmund player, they've been hit with new of two other forwards both hailing from Uruguay. AHORA| @ManUtd le paga a @OficialCAP la cláusula de @FPellistri07 para cerrar el pase. Por ley #Peñarol queda exhonerado del 20% del jugador, sin embargo los asesores del futbolista piden el reconociemiento de parte de ese %. En este momento está trancado ahí el pase. #uruguayo pic.twitter.com/7Cqkvjsvzh A deal to sign Edinson Cavani on a two-year deal is nearing completion, while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is looking to the same South American country to add more firepower to his ranks with Pellistri. There is a slight age gap, however, with 18-year-old Pellistri a full 15 years younger than his countryman. Highly rated on the continent, news of the Pellistri deal was revealed by Sport 890's Sebas Giovanelli, who has stated that the youngster will pen a five-year deal to make the move to the Premier League this window. It's been a fairly smooth deal for the Red Devils to complete - for a change - with no other sides rivaling them for the Uruguayan's signature. Newcastle and Manchester City have been interested in the past, but their attentions have been focussed elsewhere. There is just one minor issue in the deal, as Penarol are hoping to keep hold of the forward until January, while United would prefer he links up with the squad this window. Coming to an amicable solution on this shouldn't impact the deal itself, which is within touching distance of being completed. It could be a busy few days for Solskjaer's side, who first take on Tottenham in the Premier League, while in the background the club are working on tying up deals for Jadon Sancho and Alex Telles. 
