West Ham agree deal in principle for Gianluca Scamacca
Jul 15, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-agree-deal-in-principle-gianluca-scamacca
West Ham United have agreed a deal in principle for Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca, 90min understands. The Hammers are looking to strengthen their forward line - to provide Michail Antonio with cover and increased competition - and have long been interested in signing Chelsea striker Armando Broja. That interest remains but talks have accelerated with Sassuolo over a deal for Italy international Scamacca, with initial contact made over a possible summer move in June. 90min understands that a deal for the 6'5 striker - who scored 16 goals in 36 Serie A appearances last season and is a regular under Roberto Mancini for Italy - has now been agreed in principle, but West Ham and Sassuolo are yet to finalise how the fee, which is likely to be in excess of €40m, will be paid. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Antony and Serge Gnabry, why Man Utd have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Man City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Talks will continue between the two clubs over the coming days to fully agree terms, with Sassuolo chief executive Giovanni Carnevali having already outlined that the club are under no financial pressure to sell - they will only sanction a move if West Ham satisfy their demands. The Hammers also still need to agree personal terms with Scamacca, though it's understood the player is interested in moving to London Stadium.  PSG, the other side who were keen on signing Scamacca, are instead pushing ahead with a move for Reims' exciting young forward Hugo Ekitike. A deal has been agreed with the club, and is now subject to personal terms being thrashed out and a medical being completed.
