Twitter reacts as Man Utd finally reach agreement to sign Raphael Varane
Jul 27, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-real-madrid-transfer-news-twitter-reacts-reach-agreement-raphael-varane
After what feels like the longest transfer saga in football history, Manchester United have finally, finally reached an agreement to sign French centre-back Raphael Varane from Real Madrid. It's a deal that has been a decade in the making; Sir Alex Ferguson had been keen to sign a then-18-year-old Varane from RC Lens in 2011 before United were pipped to his signature by Los Blancos and plumped for Phil Jones instead... All's well that ends well, though. ???????, ???? ?We have agreed a deal in principle for the transfer of @RaphaelVarane to United! ?⚪️⚫️#MUFC Inevitably, the good folk of Twitter were quick to point to the, er, protracted nature of this particular transfer following the customary social media announcement, reminiscing about some of those other long-rumoured deals that never actually came to pass. ANNOUNCE GAITAN But for the most part, following some fairly questionable transfer business since Sir Alex left the club in 2013 and with the fee rumoured to be around £43m, the Red Devils' faithful seemed pretty chuffed. Raphael Varane is a Man United player???? ???? ????? ??????? ??????? pic.twitter.com/ZfOdyWOezJ Football is not real man. It’s all fugazi fam, we really signed Varane? pic.twitter.com/8VWiocm34l Ole Gunnar Solskjær - ManagerDarren Fletcher - Technical DirectorJohn Murtough - Football DirectorJadon Sancho - £73m (five equal payments over five years, £14.5m a year)Raphael Varane - £34mThis. Is. Different. 4 time Champions League winner Raphael Varane joins Manchester United and takes the number 4 shirt to lead Man United to number 4. Written in the stars. Knew Varane was a real one when he rustled Simeone after being a colossal on his UCL Final debut at 21. What a player pic.twitter.com/J8BTMYDl1B Back in Madrid, it was all pretty emotional and lovely as Los Blancos bade farewell to one of their favourite sons, who leaves the Bernabeu with a frankly ridiculous trophy haul. Gracias, @raphaelvarane.? 4x @ChampionsLeague? 4x Club World Cup? 3x UEFA Super Cup? 3x @LaLigaEN? 1x Copa del Rey?? 3x Spanish Super Cup#HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/BgQu8WjTTl Well, that's at official level at least. The fans did not seem best pleased that Varane had been allowed to follow club legend Sergio Ramos through the exit door, with David Alaba Real's only signing so far this summer. Real Madrid at the moment with Perez pic.twitter.com/Hm4yuTK1s9 Buy kounde ans Mbappé we need new players
