Christian Pulisic to be given chance to prove himself under Graham Potter
Sep 30, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/christian-pulisic-given-chance-prove-himself-graham-potter-chelsea
New Chelsea manager Graham Potter is prepared to give Christian Pulisic a chance to prove himself at Stamford Bridge before making a decision on his future, 90min understands. The American winger struggled for minutes under former boss Thomas Tuchel, starting 13 Premier League games last season and just one of the Blues' first six this time around before the German was sacked. Pulisic has since spoken out about his excitement towards being given a 'fresh start' under Potter. While a number of clubs have reached out to Chelsea to discuss Pulisic's availability in January, sources have confirmed to 90min that Potter wants to give the 24-year-old a fair chance to force his way back into the squad before making a final decision. Potter is looking to end Chelsea's streak of inconsistency in attack and has plenty of options at his disposal. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Raheem Sterling, Kai Havertz and Mason Mount were his preferred quartet for the 1-1 draw with Red Bull Salzburg, with Pulisic coming off the bench alongside Hakim Ziyech and Armando Broja. The new boss wants time to work with all his forwards to work out his best lineup and he has told co-owner Todd Boehly he wants all discussions on Pulisic's future to be put on hold while the pair work together in training. Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Toby Cudworth and Sean Walsh bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Jude Bellingham's future, Bayern Munich's interest in Harry Kane, widespread Premier League interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk and plenty more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Since joining Chelsea in 2019, Pulisic has managed 25 goals and 19 assists in 123 appearances for the Blues, with his best form coming in the post-lockdown phase of his debut season - across nine games, he chimed in with four goals and as many assists.
