West Ham complete signing of Swansea midfielder Flynn Downes
Jul 7, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-complete-signing-of-swansea-midfielder-flynn-downes
West Ham United have completed the whirlwind signing of Swansea midfielder Flynn Downes. The 23-year-old has penned a five-year contract at London Stadium, with the option of an additional year, and steps up to Premier League level for an undisclosed fee believed to be in the region of £9m plus add-ons. “It’s a surreal feeling to have joined my boyhood Club,” Downes said. “I feel like I’m dreaming. “It’s been my dream since I was a little boy to join this Club - it’s an absolute privilege. This is my Club, so I couldn’t be more delighted. I’m glad to be here and I can’t wait to get started. “I want to be the best I can be and this feels like the perfect opportunity to test myself against the very best players in the Premier League. “Players have come to West Ham from the Championship and progressed to international honours. That’s something you can’t ignore. The manager’s track record of bringing players through was a big motivation in me joining the Club. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! “I’m so grateful for the opportunity to be a West Ham player.” Downes is West Ham's fourth summer signing, following the arrivals of Nayef Aguerd, Alphonse Areola and Patrick Kelly - although the latter is expected to join up with West Ham's academy side. A lifelong Hammers fan, Downes spent just one season at Swansea after joining the club from Ipswich for £1.5m and quickly established himself as a first team regular. He made 37 Championship appearances during 2021/22, registering a passing accuracy of 93%, and has previously been capped at England Under-19 and England Under-20 level.
