Man Utd agree personal terms with Rasmus Hojlund - talks continue with Atalanta
Jul 18, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-agree-personal-terms-rasmus-hojlund-talks-continue-with-atalanta
Manchester United have agreed personal terms in principle with Danish striker Rasmus Hojlund, 90min understands. Hojlund is the club's next primary transfer target after striking a deal with Inter for goalkeeper Andre Onana, who is set to undergo a medical following the agreement of an initial €51m fee. United want Onana to join the club's pre-season tour of the United States, with the team due to fly out on Wednesday. Onana would be United's second official signing of the summer after Mason Mount, and while United have confirmed Jonny Evans has also signed a short-term deal with the club to feature in a part of pre-season, they want Hojlund to be the third major name through the door. 90min has learned that a deal for Hojlund could be completed quickly after the club agree a fee with Atalanta for the 20-year-old - though that remains the sticking point at present. The Serie A outfit are looking to reach a total fee of around €70m, but United have set themselves a ceiling of €60m that they do not want to break. feed Hojlund's camp believe United's valuation is fair and the player wants to move to Old Trafford, with said personal terms already agreed in principle. The main sticking point in the deal at present is regarding how much of the fee is paid up front, and how much is paid in 2024. Atalanta are pushing for the fee to be paid over two years, and while United are open to committing to such a request, they would require a reduced deal in their price range to agree. Talks will continue and are likely to accelerate with Onana's confirmation coming soon, and with Marcus Rashford's new five-year contract at United also announced on Tuesday. United and Atalanta have been in talks over the transfer since early June, with no firm progress made between the clubs yet. United had floated the idea of offering players in exchange to push the transfer through, but the request was rejected.
