Unhappy West Ham set to reject second Arsenal bid for Declan Rice
Jun 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/unhappy-west-ham-to-reject-second-arsenal-bid-declan-rice
West Ham United will reject Arsenal's second offer worth £90m for captain Declan Rice and are far from impressed with the lack of progress in negotiations, 90min understands. The Gunners had an opening £80m bid for Rice rejected by West Ham last week and now have returned to the negotiating table with an offer worth £90m. It's understood the offer is worth £75m guaranteed plus £15m in additional add-ons, but it remains some way short of the £100m valuation that West Ham have long placed on the 24-year-old. Sources have told 90min that West Ham are fuming with the latest offer put forward for Rice and have no intention of accepting, with a third bid already being prepared by Arsenal, whose approach so far is surprising given they had previously indicated to West Ham in talks that they would pay their asking price. Rice has emerged as Arsenal's number one target in the transfer window, though Mikel Arteta's side are also pushing ahead with their interest in Chelsea's Kai Havertz and Ajax's Jurrien Timber. Southampton's Romeo Lavia is another player being considered this summer as the club prepare to sanction an exit to Saudi Arabia for Thomas Partey. feed But Arsenal, who believe they are making progress in their bid to sign Rice, must do more to convince West Ham to part ways with their captain, who recently lifted the Europa Conference League trophy above his head to end the club's 43-year wait for major silverware. Personal terms are not expected to be a problem with Rice - he is likely to command wages well in excess of £200,000-a-week - but Arsenal must act quickly if they are to ensure that Manchester City don't look to tempt him with a move to the Etihad Stadium. The seven-time Premier League winners may need to replace their own captain, Ilkay Gundogan, as he continues to weigh up his future at the Etihad Stadium after completing a history-making treble during 2022/23. The German is out of contract this summer and has interest from Barcelona.
