Southampton Step Up Pursuit of Manchester United's Brandon Williams
Dec 15, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/southampton-manchester-brandon-williams-transfer-loan
Southampton continue to monitor Manchester United left-back Brandon Williams ahead of a potential loan bid for the 20-year-old in January. Williams ended last season as United's starting left-back, but the £15m arrival of Brazilian Alex Telles from Porto has limited Williams to just six minutes of action in the Premier League this season, coincidentally against Southampton. Southampton tried to sign Williams on loan during the summer but saw their advances blocked by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who still saw the 20-year-old as a core part of his squad, but his lack of minutes encouraged the Saints to reignite their interest in November. Ralph Hasenhuttl is keen to add some defensive cover for his side as they embark on their surprise push for European football, and the Telegraph note that Williams is high on the shortlist because of his ability to play on both sides of the defence. While they were quickly shot down during the summer, Southampton are more optimistic about landing Williams in January as Solskjaer is now thought to be open to letting the 20-year-old go temporarily. The Saints aren't the only side keeping tabs on Williams' situation as Newcastle United are also keen on adding the England Under-21 international. Steve Bruce did splash out on Jamal Lewis during the summer, but there are concerns over the lack of competition for the new signing. Paul Dummett remains sidelined through injury and Achraf Lazaar is about as far out in the cold as you could possibly be, so finding a new left-back is on Bruce's to-do list. United will be keen to send Williams somewhere where he will definitely play first-team football. He is currently back with the reserves, with both Telles and Luke Shaw ahead of him in the pecking order, and Solskjaer is wary of letting the youngster's career stall by leaving him stuck on the fringes.
