Bayern Munich president confirms striker pursuit amid Harry Kane interest
Apr 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/bayern-munich-president-confirms-striker-pursuit-amid-harry-kane-interest
Bayern Munich president Herbert Hainer has confirmed that one of the club's main priorities this summer will be to sign a star striker, with Harry Kane on their shortlist. The Bavarians were eliminated at the quarter-final stage of the UEFA Champions League for a third successive season on Wednesday night, succumbing to a 4-1 aggregate defeat to Manchester City. Part of Bayern's problems have been that they have been unable to replace the goals and general all-round presence of Robert Lewandowski, who left to join Barcelona last summer. Veteran journeyman Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting has played up top this season and to his credit has scored 17 goals in 29 games, but Bayern's other options have been limited to using wide men like Sadio Mane and Serge Gnabry through the middle. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Speaking after Wednesday's game with Man City, Hainer admitted that the lack of a centre forward is a clear tactical weakness that they will look to rectify. "It was obvious we didn't have a number nine who would change things up front," he said. "You can assume that we'll strengthen our squad to be able to compete in the league and Champions League "We're missing a striker who can put the ball in the net. That's something we'll certainly need in future. If you can name me someone who can be an immediate hit, we would buy him immediately." Bayern first made their interest in Kane known last summer when then-manager Julian Nagelsmann publicly revealed his admiration of the striker, even though Tottenham's demands would likely prove too costly for a transfer pursuit. Nevertheless, 90min understands that Bayern remain in the hunt for Kane with his contract set to expire in 2024. Kane will reassess his stance over a new deal with Spurs once the club appoint a permanent successor to Antonio Conte. LISTEN NOW
