Chelsea close to Romelu Lukaku agreement with Inter as talks continue
Jun 30, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-close-to-romelu-lukaku-agreement-inter-talks-continue
Chelsea and Inter are approaching an agreement over striker Romelu Lukaku, 90min understands. Lukaku has turned down a move to Saudi Arabia and is adamant that he only wants to play for Inter next season - a stance which has only endeared him further to the Serie A side. Chelsea are happy to part ways with Lukaku this summer but have rejected Inter's attempts to secure another loan deal, with the Blues pushing for a commitment from Inter to purchase the striker outright. The stumbling block, however, has been Inter's precarious financial situation. The Nerazzurri do not currently have the money to fund a permanent transfer but are instead looking at a loan deal which would include an obligation to sign Lukaku next summer. While Chelsea would prefer a permanent sale now, sources close to the negotiations expect a compromise to be reached imminently, with all three parties keen to see Lukaku playing for Inter next season. feed A loan with obligation is seen as the likeliest agreement at this point but, with Inter set to sell Marcelo Brozovic to Al Nassr and also holding talks with Manchester United over the sale of goalkeeper Andre Onana, the Italian side could come into some money in the coming weeks which would aid negotiations with Chelsea. The Blues, who have already bolstered in attack with the signing of Christopher Nkunku, added their second new face of the summer on Friday with the arrival of Senegalese striker Nicolas Jackson from Villarreal. Jackson, 22, has joined Chelsea for a fee of around €37m and 90min understands the Blues have not yet ruled out adding another big-name striker, with Victor Osimhen of Napoli at the top of the wish list. A new goalkeeper is also on Chelsea's agenda, while at least one new midfielder is expected to arrive at Stamford Bridge. Brighton's Moises Caicedo is the top priority.
