Paul Pogba still yet to make decision on his future 
Jan 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/paul-pogba-still-yet-to-make-decision-future-man-utd-real-madrid-psg-juventus
Paul Pogba has still not relayed any sort of decision about his future to Manchester United or any of his suitors, 90min understands. The 28-year-old French international is one of the most high-profile players who will be out of contract at the end of the season, meaning he can leave as a free agent in June if he wants. 90min revealed last year that Pogba was not in a hurry to decide his next career step - but it has become increasingly clear that it is a four-way battle to secure his signature. United remain keen on securing him on a new deal, but it is Real Madrid and Paris Saint Germain who are seen as favourites. Former club Juventus maintain an interest too. Reports this month had claimed that Pogba had already made up his mind to join Real - but sources have told 90min that is not the case. As it stands, no decision on his future has been made. Real are long-term admirers and 90min understands he was part of a three-pronged French recruitment plan put together by president  Florentino Perez, in which he wanted Pogba, Kylian Mbappe and Eduardo Camavinga. Camavinga joined the club ahead of this season summer, and now both Pogba and Mbappe have the potential to follow their international colleague to Madrid on free transfers. PSG also remain a strong option as they are likely to be able to offer him the biggest salary of anyone - it would also represent a return to his hometown. Juve also cannot be ruled out as Pogba loved life in Turin under Massimiliano Allegri and a return to Italy would be seriously considered. As it stands - Real, PSG and Juve are now free to make contract offers along with United, so Pogba won't have to wait until the end of the season to decide his future as 90min understands talks have taken place with all four clubs in the last six weeks. 90min has been told that Pogba has not ruled out staying at Old Trafford and is insistent that the wages on offer will not be the only determining factor.
