West Ham Confirm Permanent Signing of Tomas Soucek on 4-Year Deal
Jul 24, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-confirm-permanent-signing-of-tomas-soucek-on-4-year-deal
West Ham have confirmed the permanent signing of Tomas Soucek from Slavia Prague on a four-year deal, after a successful period at the club on loan. The Hammers have successfully avoided relegation to the second tier with some impressive displays of late, much of which has been attributed to the fine form of the Czech international. He's here to stay! ✊ #Soucek2024 pic.twitter.com/tUxAtRRoDT An initial loan move from his homeland included an option to buy at the end of the season, with David Moyes seeing fit to award the midfielder with a permanent stay in the Premier League, as confirmed by the club's official website. Moyes said of the deal: “I’m delighted that Tomas has signed his permanent contract to secure his long-term future at the Club. When I came in, we talked about needing another midfield player, to help Declan Rice and Mark Noble, and I think he’s been a really good fit for us. “He’s a terrific lad with very good physical capabilities. He has scored some really important goals for us, against Chelsea, Newcastle and Watford. We’re glad he’s going to be a West Ham player for a good period to come." Soucek caught the eye of European sides during this season's Champions League group stages, where some valiant displays in the heart of midfield saw Slavia Prague earn plaudits from their 'group of death' with Barcelona, Borussia Dortmund and Inter.  What a performance and what an important 3 point for us ??⚒  Dobrá práce a velmi důležitý 3 body pro nás!!! ??⚒ #westham 3:1 #watford A post shared by  Tomáš Souček (@tomassoucek28) on Jul 18, 2020 at 5:47am PDT Those fine performances have carried over into this season's Premier League, with three goals following since the league restarted in June. Those strikes were vital in the Irons beating the drop, with Soucek's place in the starting XI an unquestionable certainty heading into the coming season.
