Transfer rumours: Man City interested in Havertz; Maignan approached by Man Utd
Oct 24, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-city-interested-in-havertz-maignan-approached-by-man-utd-24-10-2022
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester City are interested in striking a deal to sign Chelsea forward Kai Havertz, who has struggled to replicate his best form at Stamford Bridge. (Simon Phillips) As he approaches the end of his Borussia Dortmund contract, Youssoufa Moukoko is leaning towards joining Liverpool, who are ahead of the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona in the race for the young striker's signature. (Sport) Manchester United have offered a €6.5m-a-year contract to AC Milan goalkeeper Mike Maignan, who is also wanted by Tottenham and Newcastle United. (Calciostyle) Arsenal have cooled their interest in Frankfurt centre-back Evan Ndicka after Gabriel Magalhaes signed a new contract at the Emirates. (Daily Express) The Gunners are, however, chasing Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk and are said to be leading the chase for the Ukraine international. (Daily Mail) Chelsea are prepared to offer Hakim Ziyech to Juventus as part of a deal to sign French midfielder Adrien Rabiot. (Calciomercato) Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Chelsea's search for a new striker, the growing interest in Napoli rising star Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Newcastle's plans for Bruno Guimaraes and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol would prefer a move to Chelsea over fellow suitors Tottenham. (Dean Jones) Barcelona will pursue a move for Athletic Club centre-back Inigo Martinez in January. The Basque side want to see his €80m release clause but, with just over six months left on his contract, Barcelona are looking for a massive discount. (Mundo Deportivo) Having already attracted interest from Paris Saint-Germain, centre-back Pierre Kalulu of AC Milan is also on the radar of Real Madrid. (Calciomercatoweb)
