Transfer rumours: Ronaldo's rival offer; Real Madrid watching Nunez
Dec 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-ronaldo-rival-offer-real-madrid-watching-nunez-2-12-2022
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... While Cristiano Ronaldo is currently contemplating a huge contract offer from Al Nassr, rivals Al Hilal are preparing a mammoth offer of their own. (Daily Express) PSG will offer Lionel Messi a fresh contract following the World Cup in a bid to fend off interest from Barcelona and Inter Miami. His current deal is up in 2024. (Goal) Rafael Leao is set to pen a new contract with Milan, spurning interest from Chelsea, Manchester City and Manchester United in order to stay at San Siro. (Calciomercato) Atletico Madrid are prepared to sell Joao Felix for around €100m having bought him for €126m back in 2019. Chelsea, Manchester United and PSG have been linked with moves. (AS) Darwin Nunez is among several names on Real Madrid's list of potential future attacking targets. The Uruguayan only joined Liverpool from Benfica this summer, while he previously played in Spain with Almeria. (Defensa Central) Also on Real's said shortlist are Arsenal's Gabriel Jesus, Tottenham's Richarlison, and PSV's Cody Gakpo. (Defensa Central) Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey in the latest episode of Talking Transfers, discussing Cristiano Ronaldo's interview and his future, Man Utd's interest in Cody Gakpo, plus the latest on Endrick and Rafael Leao. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! RB Leipzig and Croatia defender Josko Gvardiol has admitted that he could join Chelsea in the future after nearly signing for the Blues at the back end of the summer transfer window. (The Athletic) Liverpool have submitted an offer to Milan to buy Ismael Bennacer amid a contract stand-off with the Rossoneri. The Algerian midfielder was previously on the books at Arsenal. (Corriere dello Sport)
