Joan Laporta admits Frenkie de Jong could still join Man Utd
Jul 29, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/joan-laporta-admits-frenkie-de-jong-could-still-join-man-utd
Barcelona club president Joan Laporta has admitted that while he will do everything in his power to keep Frenkie de Jong, he refused to rule out the possibility of him leaving for Manchester United. 90min understands that Man Utd and Barcelona have agreed an €85m fee for the midfielder, but the deal is being held up by De Jong's insistence on being paid around €20m in deferred wages. Nevertheless, the Red Devils are remaining patient in their pursuit. Laporta has spoken about the 25-year-old's future plenty in recent weeks and has often insisted that he wants the Dutchman to stay at Camp Nou, but when asked by CBS Sports whether he could categorically confirm that De Jong won't end the transfer window at Man Utd, he admitted it was still possible. "In football, you never know. I can't say categorically. It all depends on the different parties. But in principle, I can say there is a strong possibility he stays, and I can say as president I will do my best for him to stay at Barcelona," Laporta said. He added: "The first thing to say is we want Frenkie to stay at Barcelona. We love the player and him as a human being. I want him to stay at Barcelona. He's a high-quality player and a good guy. I also know that he wants to stay." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo holding talks with Man Utd over his future, Barcelona signing Jules Kounde ahead of Chelsea, Man City rewarding Phil Foden with a new contract and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! When asked about the need for De Jong to take a pay cut, Laporta said: "All we are doing with Frenkie is the same as the rest of the squad. The signings coming in have adjusted their salary to the new structure. But Frenkie has a contract and we respect that. We can't force him to take a pay cut. It's his decision
