Eduardo Camavinga Opens Door to 2021 Real Madrid Move - Rennes Contract Talks on Hold
Aug 23, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/eduardo-camavinga-opens-door-to-2021-real-madrid-move-rennes-talks-stall
Eduardo Camavinga is one step closer to a Real Madrid move in 2021 after putting contract renewal talks on hold with current side Rennes. At just 17 years old, Camavinga has emerged as one of the most exciting prospects in Europe after a string of impressive Ligue 1 displays last season.  ? A post shared by  Eduardo Camavinga (@e.cama10) on Aug 14, 2020 at 11:57am PDT Links to Madrid have persisted ever since he broke into the Rennes first team, although a potential move to La Liga was put on hold after Les Rouge et Noir secured qualification to next season's Champions League. Given the club's success, Camavinga opted against making a premature departure to stay and taste elite European football with his boyhood club. His current deal expires in 2022, but AS have reported that the midfielder has opted against penning new terms with Rennes in favour of leaving the next summer - when he will have just 12 months left of his deal. It's claimed that he's unhappy Rennes have taken this long to offer him a renewal on his current deal. In doing so, he will be able to secure a more lucrative contract given the reduced transfer fee. This opens the door for Los Blancos to swoop in an tie down the highly-rated teenager before the start of the 2021/22 campaign. Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich are also noted admirers. It was previously stated by Rennes' sporting director, Florian Maurice, that a fee of even €80m wouldn't be enough for the club to part with Camavinga, but given the length of his contract remaining next year, the fee needed to prize him away from Roazhon Park would be half of that. Whatever the fee or wages needed, Madrid will oblige. Camavinga won't be leaving this summer. however, that much is sure. The player himself made that abundantly clear: "The rumours? Frankly, that doesn't bother me at all. It's football, you have to prepare. In football there are rumors, true things, false things. 
