Borussia Dortmund 'Bemused' by Man Utd Approach to Jadon Sancho Saga
Sep 23, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/borussia-dortmund-bemused-man-utd-approach-jadon-sancho-saga
Borussia Dortmund have been described as ‘bemused’ in response to Manchester United approach to a transfer for Jadon Sancho. The German club have still not received any formal offer from United, who have continued to outwardly project an air of confidence over securing the transfer. United have been eyeing England winger Sancho for over a year, but with less than two weeks until the 5 October transfer deadline – and well past Dortmund’s self-imposed 10 August deadline – no agreement looks close to being reached. Dortmund are under no pressure to sell Sancho and have firmly stuck to their €120m (£110m) valuation, while United are reluctant to break the £100m barrier in the current climate when club finances have been adversely affected by the coronavirus crisis. Dortmund officials have publicly said on a new of occasions that Sancho will stay with them this season, starting as soon as United missed that first August deadline – the date by which the Bundesliga side wanted a deal done so they could plan and settle a replacement in good time. According to Sky Sports, Dortmund and others close to the deal have been left ‘bemused’ by how United have approached things. United are said to have focused their attention on ‘perceived issues’ relating to personal terms and agent fees and hadn’t made any contact at all prior to 10 August. Time is quickly running out for the Old Trafford club, who are at risk of looking desperate and being taken advantage of if they turn to various alternatives now. The usual names like Ivan Perisic, Douglas Costa, Kingsley Coman and Ousmane Dembele have all been mentioned as possible options instead of Sancho. Gareth Bale was also briefly considered before re-joining Tottenham, while Chelsea’s Callum Hudson-Odoi has been linked. Reports that talks have taken place with Barcelona over a potential Dembele deal have been refuted, but 90min understands that United have been offered Ismaila Sarr by Watford.
