Deadline Day Live Blog: Completed Transfers & Latest Updates
Oct 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/deadline-day-live-completed-transfers-latest-updates
It's everyone's favourite day of the summer. It's deadline day, and 90min have got you covered with all the latest updates from across Europe. This live blog will bring you all the done deals and rumours you need to keep an eye out for as teams across the continent make their final adjustments for the season. What’s up, @RLC? ?#CHEEKY bit of business. ? Told you there might be some more movement in west London. The man affectionately known to a very small handful of people as Roftus Loftus-Choftus has swapped Stamford Bridge for Craven Cottage for the season.  More on that deal here.  ? SW6 ?#TosIn pic.twitter.com/FTakWdIaRy Does what it says on the tin, really. Fulham's second centre-back of the night, a very tall man, and still maybe not the Cottagers' last business of the window. ?✍️?? #WelcometoParis pic.twitter.com/C8u2Anfmq5 After almost 15 years at the club, Rafinha has left Barcelona to join Paris Saint-Germain. The fee? Somewhere in the region of a bag of beans and a Curly Wurly.  ?? Another Uruguayan arrives at Old Trafford...✍️ Welcome to #MUFC, Facundo Pellistri! Very few of the signings most fans actually wanted, but Manchester United have had a fairly busy deadline day. 18-year-old Uruguayan Facundo Pellistri arrives on a long, long-term deal.  Here's all the info on the signing, with quotes from the kid himself and Ole Gunner Solskjaer. Here's some things to know about him, if he's a new name to you.  FICHAJE | Con más de 100 partidos en la máxima categoría, queremos que siga sumando con nuestra camiseta. ¡Sandro llega a la SD Huesca! El delantero firma tres temporadas, aportando su amplia trayectoria tanto nacional como internacional.?Bienvenido?#SandroNoRebla?? Three-year deal at Huesca for Sandro, who can hopefully get some continuity and get his career back on track at somehow still just 25.  ? | We have completed the signing of goalkeeper Robin Olsen on a season-long loan from AS Roma. Welcome, Robin! #EFC Everton have a new goalkeeper! In theory he'll 'compete' with Jordan Pickford for the starting role, but...well, we've watched football in the last 18 months.  Welcome to the Partey! ?? @Thomaspartey22#NoThomasNoPartey pic.twitter.com/009Er2kZBK Sorry, this is a handful of minutes late, but it is gone 11pm and I did need to actually do the editorial biz to get the full pieces live. So.  Lucas Torreira leaves Arsenal for Atleti on a season-long loan – more details here. Thomas Partey joins Arsenal for €50m – more details here. El @Arsenal deposita en LaLiga el importe de la cláusula de rescisión de Thomas Partey, que extingue de forma unilateral su contrato con nuestro club.ℹ https://t.co/WhTQbb1rhm Presumably this is their way of expressing their apparent displeasure at Arsenal bypassing them to deposit the cash. We do love a bit of pettiness.  SOUTHAMPTON CONFIRM THEO WALCOTT (PROPERLY) Welcome home, @theowalcott! ? pic.twitter.com/WjyIqHQEcH LEEDS CONFIRM RAPHINHA  ✍️ #WelcomeRaphinha pic.twitter.com/CrlegrbE2n FULHAM CONFIRM JOACHIM ANDERSEN Late move. ??Good to have you, Joachim Andersen! ?#GreatDane OH, COME ON! ? https://t.co/aeDjbRMgs7 Chat! We've got a wave of late-night club account chat!  ✍️ Don't go to bed just yet... there is still work to be done #LUFC pic.twitter.com/6ncOQ68wBk Not going to explain why this one's tickled me, you can have a little Twitter search for yourselves. ??? ???? ??? ??????????.Ladies and gentlemen: introducing @ECavaniOfficial...#MUFC pic.twitter.com/2tBLCdtjdL Nah, this is great. Edinson Cavani is a really good footballer, this is a 1+1 deal, Manchester United didn't have a number nine who plays his best football in that spot, and now they do.  He's 33? Who cares. He's good.  All the best, @OrjanHNyland1. ? One year left on his deal, inducing a goalline technology screw-up that kept Villa up – Orjan Nyland has been released by the Midlands club. They have Emi Martinez now!  ℹ️ @gerardeulofeu will spend the rest of the campaign on loan at @Udinese_1896 in Serie A.The magic man has scored some beauties for the Golden Boys! Good luck, Geri ? Pozzo to Pozzo, ashes to ashes, all that. Gerard Deulofeu is going on loan for the fifth time in his career. Two of the clubs who have loaned him in the past ended up buying him!  Wishing @sosoboufal19 luck for the future, as he departs #SaintsFC on a transfer to @AngersSCO: Never really worked out this one, did it? Shame.  We can confirm that Xande Silva has joined Greek side Aris Thessaloniki FC on loan until the end of the 2020/21 season.Good luck, @xande_silva45! Xande Silva? Gone! Jack Wilshere? Gone! Josh Cullen? Gone!  After 10 years of service at Old Trafford, @ChrisSmalling has left #MUFC to join Roma on a permanent deal.Thank you and good luck in Italy, Chris ❤️ Got it over the line with a single minute to spare. Phew.  #SaintsFC defender @wesleyhoedt has today rejoined @OfficialSSLazio on a season-long loan deal: A third loan spell of his Southampton career for Wesley Hoedt. Fun fact: his middle name is Theodorus. BREAKING: Arsenal have triggered the £45m release clause for Atletico Madrid midfielder Thomas Partey. Our night's blockbuster deal might not be far away at all. Paperwork to be sorted, but... Rachid Ghezzal has signed a loan deal with Turkish Süper Lig side Beşiktaş until the end of the 2020/21 campaign. The deal of the day? No. A deal that has happened today? Yes.  Ousmane Dembélé to #mufc is not dead, but complicated. United and Barcelona are studying the possibility of a move without a medical #mulive [sport] Yes, that's where we are at. What could possibly go wrong? Everton moving towards a loan deal with Roma for Olsen https://t.co/nNnB0jGo3c It seems that Everton's fine form has made Man Utd and Spurs reluctant to sell them anyone... even unwanted backup keepers. Enter Robin Olsen. The clock is ticking. ? This deal has been on/off in recent days by Roma have now reached an agreement with Man Utd to sign centre-back Chris Smalling. Fee is €15m + €5m in add-ons.? Details: https://t.co/lvj9uCI6Oc@TheAthleticUK #MUFC #ASRoma https://t.co/wgTrYuRoDU At last! This should free up funds for Manchester United to sign...ah, I'm being told that Manchester United had absolutely zero deals hanging on this money coming in. ? | #Bakayoko completes move to #Napoli!? https://t.co/VgslFlJgfAWelcome to Naples, @TimoeB08! ?? #ForzaNapoliSempre pic.twitter.com/FC4ZAC5829 Tiemoue Bakayoko has left Chelsea! Again! On loan! Again!  Signed.Sealed.Delivered.Welcome to #MUFC, Alex Telles! ? pic.twitter.com/AJl7xsSDSq Now THERE'S a transfer! Turns out Alex Telles was too deep into negotiations to pull out of his move to Manchester United after they lost 6-1 to Spurs yesterday, and now he's a Manchester United player!  Now...Edinson Cavani next? Dare we ask, Ismaila Sarr at some point?  ✍️ #NUFC are pleased to announce the signing of Rodrigo Vilca from Deportivo Municipal.The 21-year old Peruvian midfielder has put pen to paper on a four-year deal with the Magpies and will initially join up with the U23s.Welcome to Newcastle United, Rodrigo! ?? Newcastle have done a signing! It's not Kylian Mbappe, or a new owner, or Gareth Bale, but it's Rodrigo Vilca!  He – as anyone wearing braces in their announcement picture must – goes into the Under-23s, and if you don't know anything about him? Well, we've got a whole factfile for you right here.  Yep, looks like we're done with players going to Germany for the evening – their window shut a full hour ago at 5pm. Sead Kolasinac, you're a north London man.  For reference, Serie A shuts up shop at 7pm while La Liga and Ligue 1 are aligned with the Premier League's 11pm finish. Isn't that nice?  Striker @carrilloguido9 has today joined @elchecf on a free transfer, after an agreement was reached to terminate his #SaintsFC contract.Wishing you well for the future, Guido. Remember when Guido Carrillo signed for Southampton for like £19m? And played seven Premier League games? And never scored? Anyway, he's leaving for free with most of a year left on his contract, gone to join Elche. Presumably they were impressed by the one goal he scored in 1210 La Liga minutes last season for Leganes. Good luck at @HerthaBSC, @MatteoGuendouzi ? Well, we've been waiting for this one since about 2pm – the long-haired, young version of Francis Coquelin has left Arsenal for Hertha Berlin on loan.  With only a year on his contract at the end of the season, he and Arsenal will be hoping this goes well enough to prompt a permanent move somewhere.  A new goalkeeper for @Everton: #Olsen or #Romero, talks ongoing @SkySportsPL @SkySportsNews We said earlier that Everton are still looking for a goalkeeper, looks like it's likely to be Sergio Romero or Roma's Robin Olson if someone does come in. Bad day for the dinosaur community, between the Gunnersaurus news and now this for Jordan Pickford and his little T-Rex arms... Oioi. You've all had a lovely time with young Tom Gott today, but it's past his bedtime now. That means that I, Chris Deeley, shall be taking you all the way up to the deadline at 11pm and beyond – until the very last deal is confirmed.  We might be here a while. According to The Athletic, Spurs are considering a bid for Swansea City defender Joe Rodon, who is valued at £18m. As he plays in the Championship, Spurs would have an extra ten days to get a deal over the line. Justin Kluivert joins #DieRotenBullen on loan from @ASRomaEN ✍️?⚪ #DieRotenBullen #JustInTime pic.twitter.com/RLP30cX0cO RB Leipzig have confirmed the signing of Dutch winger Justin Kluivert on loan from Roma for the remainder of the season. Good luck at @olympiacosfc, Ruben!?? Wolves have confirmed that left-back Ruben Vinagre has joined Olympiacos on a season-long loan. Arsenal defender Sead Kolašinac is expected to stay at the Emirates this summer, according to kicker. Bayer Leverkusen have failed to offload left-back Wendell and therefore do not have the funds to move for the Bosnia international. According to Gianluca Di Marzio, Inter midfielder João Mário is set to join Sporting on loan for the rest of the season. Thank you, @mattia_desci! ❤️ Juventus have confirmed that defender Mattia De Sciglio has left the club to join Lyon on loan for the remainder of the season. Leicester winger Rachid Ghezzal has been in Turkey negotiating a move to Beşiktaş, and according to Foot Mercato, the deal has been completed. Welcome back, @douglascosta ?Douglas Costa joins #FCBayern on loan ✍️?⚪#ServusDouglas pic.twitter.com/L2Im8EOPZK Bayern Munich have completed a deal to sign Brazilian winger Douglas Costa on a season-long loan from Juventus. Celtic's search for some more attacking firepower has taken them to Liverpool's Harry Wilson, according to the Scottish Sun. However, The Scotsman add that Neil Lennon has several other deals he wants to get over the line before even considering a move for Wilson. ED state that Chelsea misfielder Marco van Ginkel is set to compete yet another loan move to PSV Eindhoven as he steps up his recovery from injury. Roma are considering a move for Arsenal centre-back Sokratis, according to John Solano. Téléfoot also add that Watford have rejected Manchester United's proposal to sign winger Ismaïla Sarr on loan with a view to a €45m permanent deal. Watford have complicated things by demanding a payment of €25m if United decline to sign Sarr permanently. Saint-Étienne are pushing to bring Arsenal centre-back William Saliba back to the club, according to Téléfoot. Saliba, who spent last year with the French side, is yet to feature since moving to the Emirates this summer. Matt Law has revealed that Southampton have agreed a deal to sign Theo Walcott on a season-long loan from Everton. #ServusChoupo ?Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting joins #FCBayern ✍️?⚪ #MiaSanMia pic.twitter.com/oV5mi1k3j4 In one of the stranger deals of the summer, Bayern Munich have brought in Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting following his release from PSG. Arsenal may be pushing to sign Thomas Partey, but according to Sportbladet, the Gunners are close to completing a deal to sign 18-year-old striker Nikolaj Möller from Malmö for £400,000. Tottenham Hotspur are not expected to sign a new centre-back before tonight's 11pm deadline, according to the Evening Standard. Talks over targets like Milan Škriniar and Antonio Rüdiger have stalled and Spurs are no longer confident of getting a deal done. Brighton are still keen to sign Reims forward Boulaye Dia, according to L'Équipe, but talks have stalled over the Seagulls' determination to avoid paying his €10m asking price. Brighton only want a loan, but Reims are looking for a permanent sale. The Guardian's Jacob Steinberg has revealed that Chelsea centre-back Antonio Rüdiger has rejected a move to West Ham, and the German is no closer to sorting out his future. Everton have expressed an interest in both Manchester United's Sergio Romero and Tottenham Hotspur's Paulo Gazzaniga, according to Paul Joyce. The Toffees are looking for a loan deal, but both sides would prefer to sell. Goal's Charles Watts has revealed that Arsenal have made another move for Atlético Madrid midfielder Thomas Partey. However, to add to the fun, Matteo Moretto believes that there has been no change and Partey remains off the table. And just like that, Fabrizio Romano has chimed in with the news that Manchester United have agreed to pay €30m to sign Amad Traoré, but the Ivorian will remain with Atalanta until January 2021. Di Marzio has also revealed that Lyon centre-back Joachim Andersen is set for his own medical with Fulham ahead of a season-long loan. According to Gianluca Di Marzio, Manchester United are set to sign Atalanta youngster Amad Traoré after his move to Parma collapsed. A move could be completed now or delayed until the January transfer window opens. The Athletic state that PSV Eindhoven centre-back Timo Baumgartl has passed a medical ahead of sealing a season-long loan to Fulham, who will also have the option to buy the 24-year-old German. Matt Law states that Inter are not expecting to be able to sign either Marcos Alonso or Emerson, with the demands of both the players and Chelsea too high. Next up from RMC Sport is the news that AC Milan have agreed a deal to sign Strasbourg defender Mohamed Simakan. The 20-year-old has previously been linked with West Ham during the summer. Manchester United are looking at Ousmane Dembélé as an alternative to Jadon Sancho, but according to RMC Sport, the Barcelona man won't be going anywhere this summer. That could impact the future of Memphis Depay, with Barcelona unable to move for the Lyon man until one of their current crop of forwards leaves. The Athletic's David Ornstein notes that Spurs have explored a move to sign John Stones on loan from Manchester City, but a deal is unlikely to happen. Let's clear this one up. Fabrizio Romano has also added that Juventus have ended their interest in Chelsea left-back Emerson, and this stance has been backed up by The Athletic's Simon Johnson. According to Rob Dawson, Edinson Cavani's medical with Manchester United has 'gone well' and he is now close to putting pen to paper on a two-year contract with a break clause next summer. The Daily Mail state that Fulham are looking to tie up a deal to bring Chelsea midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek over on loan for the remainder of the season. ? | ANNOUNCEMENTMatteo @DarmianOfficial is a new Inter player: Official Statement ? https://t.co/OD5gLNKI8h #WelcomeDarmian pic.twitter.com/B7t7fNogzd Inter have completed the signing of Parma defender Matteo Darmian on a season-long loan with an obligation to buy next summer. ?✍️ #WelcometoParis pic.twitter.com/ixXZ5kZUXl PSG have confirmed the arrival of midfielder Danilo Pereira from Porto, who joins on loan with a view to a permanent transfer. Ryan Sessegnon has joined Bundesliga side Hoffenheim on loan for the remainder of the 2020/21 season.Best of luck, @RyanSessegnon! ?#THFC ⚪️ #COYS pic.twitter.com/2wqR55BBTo Tottenham Hotspur winger Ryan Sessegnon has joined Hoffenheim on loan for the remainder of the season. According to The Independent, Liverpool have made contact with the representatives of Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Paulo Gazzaniga about a possible move to Anfield. The news comes as first-choice Alisson faces up to six weeks on the sidelines with a shoulder injury. Leeds United have offered to sign Welsh winger Dan James from Manchester United either on loan or permanently, according to Simon Stone. As it stands, United are not believed to be keen to let James go. Celtic are nearing the signing of Uruguay international Diego Laxalt from AC Milan, according to Gianluca Di Marzio. According to Mohamed Bouhafsi, Bayern Munich's Michaël Cuisance is closing in on a move to Marseille after his switch to Leeds fell through. ✍️ | Ben Godfrey has signed for #EFC from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, penning a five-year deal until the end of June 2025.Welcome, @BenG0dfrey! #WelcomeGodfrey ? Everton have completed the signing of centre-back Ben Godfrey from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee. It looks like it could be a busy day for Porto on the loan front. Alongside Sarr, AS claim Porto are keen to take Atlético Madrid duo Thomas Lemar and Héctor Herrera on loan for the remainder of the season, with Diego Simeone keen to pull the trigger on both exits. The Athletic's Adam Leventhal notes that Watford forward Gerard Deulofeu is wanted by Fiorentina, Napoli and another Italian side (not AC Milan or Udinese). The Spaniard, who is training in Andorra as he recovers from an ACL injury, is also expected to attract interest from the Premier League. The Athletic's Phil Hay states that Leeds are nearing the signing of winger Raphinha from Rennes, who landed in England late on Sunday ahead of finalising his switch to Elland Road. Chelsea centre-back Malang Sarr is closing in on a loan move to Porto, according to A Bola. If Manchester United fans still have hope of landing Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho, The Athletic's David Ornstein has advised them to temper their expectations. The deal is described as 'unlikely', with United now focusing on other targets like Edinson Cavani and Alex Telles, both of whom should be confirmed today. Lyon director Juninho Pernambucano told Téléfoot (via Marca) that despite president Jean-Michel Aulas' declaration that their window is closed, Memphis Depay could still leave for Barcelona.
