Transfer rumours: Salah's preferred destination; Real Madrid plot Bellingham move
Jun 2, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-mohamed-salah-preferred-destination-real-madrid-jude-bellingham
Mohamed Salah is keen to remain at Liverpool, but only if they offer him a contract which would make him the sixth-highest paid player in world football. If he cannot agree fresh terms at Anfield, he intends to join another Premier League club on a free transfer next summer. However, teammate Sadio Mane is intent on beginning a fresh challenge next season and Bayern Munich continue to lead the race for his signature. Real Madrid are closing in on the signing of Aurelien Tchouameni and have already made further plans to strengthen their midfield later down the line. Los Blancos are keeping tabs on Jude Bellingham with a view to a move next summer. While Manchester United's top defensive target remains Jurrien Timber, senior officials at Old Trafford have also held talks with Braga centre-back David Carmo. Meanwhile, Paul Pogba will collect a £3.8m 'loyalty' bonus on his way out of Man Utd. Juventus are confident a deal to re-sign the midfielder is all but official. Romelu Lukaku is intent on rejoining Inter this summer and talks are ongoing over a possible loan move from Chelsea. However, Bayern Munich have also now registered an interest in the Belgian striker. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. Newcastle have finally agreed a €31m deal to sign Reims striker Hugo Ekitike and are expected to beat a number of top European clubs to his signature. Villarreal are locked in talks with Tottenham over the permanent signing of Giovani Lo Celso, but Spurs are willing to wait and shop the Argentine around before sanctioning a sale. Lo Celso spent the second half of the 2021/22 season on loan with the Yellow Submarine. In terms of incomings, Tottenham believe they will be able to agree a fee with Inter for Alessandro Bastoni, but the major stumbling block will be convincing the centre-back to move to the Premier League at this stage in his career. Man Utd will turn to Lazio midfielder and gossip column stalwart Sergej Milinkovic-Savic if they are unable to agree a deal to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. The Dutchman has already indicated that he wishes to stay at Camp Nou. Liverpool are prepared to hand Naby Keita a fresh contract in order to fend off interest from PSG. The former RB Leipzig midfielder is heading into the final year of his deal at Anfield. Bayern Munich are continuing to play hardball over the future of Robert Lewandowski, insisting they will not sell the striker this summer. The Poland star is eyeing a move to Barcelona this window.
