West Ham enquire about Owen Wijndal; Lyon in talks to sign Issa Diop
Jun 29, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/west-ham-enquire-about-owen-wijndal-lyon-talks-to-sign-issa-diop
West Ham have enquired about the availability of AZ Alkmaar full-back Owen Wijndal, while talks are ongoing with Lyon about the possible sale of centre-back Issa Diop. The Hammers are actively trying to strengthen their squad ahead of next season, with the intention of continuing to challenge the Premier League's top six. As such, deals have already completed for Rennes central defender Nayef Aguerd and goalkeeper Alphonse Areola, who has joined permanently from PSG after a successful loan spell. A new central midfielder and forward are also high on manager David Moyes's transfer agenda, with Jesse Lingard, Armando Broja and Keane Lewis-Potter among an extensive list of targets. But there's also an appetite for West Ham to strengthen at full-back, particularly on the left-hand side. Aaron Cresswell has been a regular fixture in the side for eight seasons, with Arthur Masuaku acting his understudy for six of those, and he provides a tremendous threat going forward - evidenced by his seven Premier League assists during 2021/22. However, the 32-year-old made a couple of high-profile defensive gaffes last season in important games, and was crucially sent off in the Europa League quarter-final clash with Lyon and the semi-final tie with Eintracht Frankfurt. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea's interest in Raheem Sterling and Todd Boehly's involvement in transfers, and Manchester United's pursuits of Frenkie de Jong, Lisandro Martinez and Antony. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! The latter arguably cost West Ham the opportunity to attack their second leg tie with Frankfurt, which they went on to lose, and 90min understands that an enquiry has been made about 22-year-old Dutch international Wijndal. Ajax have been leading the chase for Wijndal, amid interest from Everton, Napoli and Sevilla, and have even agreed terms with AZ. But a disagreement over personal terms has seen the move stall, prompting West Ham to ask whether or not a deal is there to be done. Wijndal hinted last week that an exit is looming, telling the press while on international duty: “I’ve decided not to say much about it because that’s not very nice towards AZ...I have expressed my ambition to AZ to help the club, and the club helps me in that. Which club it will ultimately be, I have no idea." There could also be a departure on the cards at London Stadium, as 90min understands that Lyon are in talks with West Ham over 25-year-old Diop.
