Luis Enrique to launch Bernardo Silva bid after PSG appointment
Jun 30, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/luis-enrique-bernardo-silva-bid-after-psg-appointment
Paris Saint-Germain are closing in on the appointment of Luis Enrique as their new manager, 90min understands, and the former Spain boss will make bidding for Manchester City's Bernardo Silva his first order of business. Current manager Christophe Galtier is expected to be dismissed imminently and a deal for Enrique, who was on the radars of both Chelsea and Tottenham earlier this summer, is close to being finalised. During Enrique's negotiations with the club, PSG's long-standing interest in Silva was discussed and sources have confirmed to 90min that the Spaniard has given the green light to a bid being launched for the City midfielder. Silva, who is understood to have a close relationship with PSG advisor Luis Campos from the pair's mutual time in Monaco, has confirmed to City that he wants to leave the club this summer and has attracted no shortage of interest. Barcelona have long been keen on Silva but are unlikely to be able to afford to meet City's £75m asking price, while an £80m-a-year offer has been made to the 28-year-old from Saudi Arabia. feed PSG are ready to launch a bid for Silva, who they see as an ideal replacement for Lionel Messi. Campos has already spoken with the City midfielder's entourage but it was made clear that Silva would not approve a move to Paris until a replacement for Galtier was in place. Now that Enrique is ready to take over, PSG will accelerate their pursuit of Silva, who already has 101 Ligue 1 appearances to his name and was part of the Monaco side that famously pipped PSG to the title in 2016/17. The offer from Saudi Arabia remains on the table for Silva but 90min understands he is not interested in leaving Europe at this point in his career. City will not stand in the way of an exit for Silva this summer, as is their stance with every wantaway player, but want fair compensation for an elite midfielder whose contract still has two years left to run.
