Chelsea agree terms of Joao Felix loan with Atletico Madrid
Jan 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-agree-terms-of-joao-felix-loan-with-atletico-madrid
Chelsea have struck a verbal agreement to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid, 90min understands. 90min revealed last month that Chelsea, alongside Arsenal and Manchester United, had explored a deal to sign Felix, but Los Rojiblancos' financial demands threatened to block any move. However, sources have now confirmed that Atletico have agreed to lower their demands to facilitate a deal with Chelsea, who are expected to pay around €10m to take Felix on loan for the remainder of the campaign. Chelsea have agreed to pay the player's wages in full, while the agreement is not believed to include an option to buy. Both Arsenal and United were only interested in such a lucrative loan if it included an option to buy Felix permanently but Atletico have held firm and declined to commit to a concrete transfer. Despite the agreement being a pure loan, Chelsea have not ruled out a move to sign Felix permanently in the summer if the Portugal international impresses at Stamford Bridge, with the Blues potentially looking to offload some of their fringe players to Atletico in a player-plus-cash deal. Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd’s interest in Mohammed Kudus, Enzo Fernandez and Chelsea, Jude Bellingham's decision and Mykhaylo Mudryk's preferred move. Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Chelsea are keen to bolster in attack after losing both Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic to injuries, while striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has also been dealing with a back issue, leaving Graham Potter with very few options to choose between in attack. Armando Broja is already out for the remainder of the season and so Chelsea could look to bolster further before the summer. Young David Datro Fofana has joined from Molde while the deal to sign Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig is only for a summer transfer.
