Arsenal launch bid for Ajax defender Jurrien Timber
Jun 20, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-launch-bid-ajax-defender-jurrien-timber
Arsenal have made a bid to land Ajax defender Jurrien Timber, sources have confirmed to 90min. The Netherlands international has long been linked with a move to England and was a target for his former boss Erik Ten Hag at Manchester United, while Liverpool had also made enquiries in the last 12 months. However, Arsenal have stepped up their interest and made a move for the 21-year-old, lodging an opening offer. Talks are set to continue as their opening bid of €35m (£29m) is well short of Ajax's asking price, which 90min understands is €60m (£51m). Sources with knowledge of the situation have told 90min that Arsenal see Timber as a right-sided version of Oleksandr Zinchenko - someone who can play full-back but has the ability to carry the ball into midfield and operate in a pivot if required. Timber spent this season playing centrally for Ajax, but he has experience of playing all across the backline and in midfield for the Dutch giants. New Ajax boss Maurice Steijn hoped that that Timber - one of the squad's star players - would be staying put, but he looks set to lose him as well as with Mexican midfielder Edson Alvarez, who is set to join Borussia Dortmund. feed Timber had made it known earlier this year that he was looking to move this summer, although as recently as last week he insisted he and his agent were not talking with any other clubs. "Will I stay with Ajax anyway? I’m not sure, I can't say that," he said. "I'm not in talks with Ajax now. My agent had a good talk a few times, but it's not like we're talking about anything right now." It now remains to be seen how high Arsenal will bid, but sources close to both clubs believe a deal is 'highly likely' at this stage. The bid for Timber is the latest move by Arsenal, who are looking to make major plays early this transfer window. The Gunners are in talks with West Ham over England midfielder Declan Rice and Chelsea regarding Kai Havertz.
