Christian Eriksen Put Up for Sale By Antonio Conte
Sep 6, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/christian-eriksen-put-up-for-sale-by-antonio-conte
Just half a year after swapping Tottenham Hotspur for Inter, Christian Eriksen could find himself on the lookout for a new home after being made available for transfer by Antonio Conte. The Dane was the subject of a lengthy transfer saga which finally culminated in a £17m move to San Siro in January, but the move has worked out terribly for everyone involved, with Eriksen starting just eight Serie A games. Conte's love of using three hard-working midfielder in his 3-5-2 formation has often left Eriksen forced to watch on from the sidelines, restricting him to just four goals and three assists in 26 appearances, and now the Daily Mail state that Conte has had enough. The boss no longer sees Eriksen's value to the squad and instead views him as a potentially valuable asset who could be sold to finance a shopping spree this summer, so Inter have slapped a £35m price tag on his head. Having said that, La Gazzetta dello Sport bring a different viewpoint to the table. Their report states that both Inter and Eriksen remain committed to turning things around next season, although there's an awareness that a significant offer would be given real consideration. Inter will not actively ship Eriksen around, but with the likes of Chelsea's N'Golo Kanté, Tottenham Hotspur's Tanguy Ndombele and Barcelona's Arturo Vidal all on Conte's radar, the chance to raise some money by selling the Dane will not be ruled out. The impression given is that Inter are well aware of Eriksen's talent and value to a squad. If he could claim a regular spot at the top of the midfield trio, his creativity and vision could well end up being a blessing. There may well be the chance for Eriksen to do exactly that. Conte is believed to be interested in shipping out other midfielders like Roberto Gagliardini, Matías Vecino and even Marcelo Brozović - the latter of whom has been confirmed to 90min as a potential target for Chelsea.
