10 of the Most Intriguing Loans From the Premier League to the EFL
Oct 18, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/10-of-the-most-intriguing-loans-premier-league-to-the-efl
While fans of Premier League teams spend their summers hoping to see big money spent, Football League supporters can't be so demanding. Loan moves are often the way forward for these sides. This summer, plenty of Premier League players have made the move to the EFL in search of minutes, and whether it's for a taste of senior experience or simply to go and play some football, there are plenty of intriguing signings which promise to shake things up in the lower leagues. Here are ten of the best.  Buzzing to be here??? looking forward to getting started⚽️ @cardiffcityfc A post shared by  Harry Wilson (@harrywilson22) on Oct 16, 2020 at 12:55pm PDT Harry Wilson is a Premier League player who will be playing in the second tier this season. That shouldn't be allowed.The 23-year-old winger managed seven goals and two assists with Bournemouth last season so quite clearly has what it takes to survive in the top flight. Wilson could turn Cardiff into genuine title contenders, but even if they can't make it that far, the Bluebirds will be hopeful of getting through the play-offs this time around.  Looking forward to the season ahead. Let’s get to work @rovers ?⚪️ A post shared by  Harvey Elliott (@harveyelliott07) on Oct 17, 2020 at 8:29am PDT Harvey Elliott is the youngest player to ever feature in the Premier League, but he's done more than just that. He has nine appearances for the champions of England and has made the bench for 14 other games. That doesn't come easy.The excitement surrounding him is enormous, so there will be a lot of eyes on him as he embarks on his first full season as a senior.There are also a lot of Twitter detractors claiming Elliott is going to get kicked from pillar to post in the Championship, so let's see how he handles that added pressure.  Delighted to get out on loan for the season, ready to get going and give everything for the club ? A post shared by  TP (@troyparrott9) on Aug 1, 2020 at 4:21am PDT After lighting up youth football last season, Troy Parrott now has a chance to prove himself at the next level.Tottenham have justifiably high hopes for Parrott, having handed him his debut last season, but he was finally allowed to escape from Harry Kane's shadow this summer when he sealed a move to Millwall.With Jose Mourinho keen to find some long-term competition for Kane, Parrott could force his way into the plans with a big season.  Proud to join @swansofficial on a season-long loan! I can’t wait to help the team out and get started. Let’s get to work! ?#YJB A post shared by  Morgan Gibbs-White (@morgxngibbs) on Aug 25, 2020 at 4:55am PDT It doesn't seem that long ago that we were talking about Morgan Gibbs-White as a genuine star in the Premier League.The Wolves youngster, who already has 70 appearances for the club to his name, saw his stock take a bit of a hit last season as he failed to fight his way into Nuno Espiriito Santo's plans, so he needed a change of scenery.Swansea, who have a great track record of putting their faith in the Premier League's youth, will hope to give him the platform he needs to reignite the flame once more. A post shared by Marc Guehi (@marcguehi) on Sep 19, 2020 at 11:24am PDT Chelsea centre-back Marc Guehi actually joined Swansea back in January, but took a while to get going. His early form was poor, but he was an undisputed star after lockdown.The England youth international now has a full season to showcase his skills, and he's already been doing that to great effect. He's a core part of the reason Swansea look so exciting this season.The Chelsea loan army tends to have a handful of stars every season, and Guehi has a great chance of being one.  Welcome to Stoke City @angusgunn01!  The stopper joins the Potters on a season-long loan from Southampton. #SCFC ?⚪️ A post shared by  Stoke City FC (@stokecity) on Oct 16, 2020 at 1:35pm PDT Stoke have moved on from Jack Butland, finally letting him return to the Premier League, and they've replaced him with Southampton's Angus Gunn.Gunn's lost his way a bit in recent seasons, but the 24-year-old still has real star potential. He's been part of the England squad and has 22 Premier League appearances to his name.His confidence looks shot (mental what conceding nine goals in one game will do to you), but this new challenge could be all he needs to get things going again.  Delighted to have signed for @norwichcityfc on loan for the season. Looking forward to meeting the fans once they are back in the stadium. A post shared by  Oliver Skipp (@oliver.skipp) on Aug 17, 2020 at 10:45am PDT Few players on this list needed minutes quite like Oliver Skipp.The 20-year-old midfielder was lost in purgatory last season. He was too good for Tottenham's academy but not good enough for a spot in the first team, so he was usually glued to the bench.He managed just 298 minutes of action over the entire 2019/20 season and has thankfully already exceeded that with Norwich.  Delighted to sign a season long loan deal with @watfordfcofficial , let’s get it !!?⚫️ #JG16 A post shared by  James Garner (@jgarnerr96) on Sep 20, 2020 at 5:19am PDT Manchester United fans will know all about James Garner already, having seen the young midfielder involved with the first team last season.The 19-year-old already has plenty of European experience to his name, so he'll be expected to make a huge splash during his time with Watford, who are already seen as title favourites in the Championship.His status as a gem of United's academy will only increase the pressure on Garner, who will need to show a lot of strength this season.  Delighted to sign a season loan deal with @cafcofficial , can’t wait for the season to start ? A post shared by  Dylan Levitt (@dylanlevitt63) on Sep 8, 2020 at 12:01pm PDT It's a little surprising to see Dylan Levitt forced to drop down to League One in search of minutes this season. After all, this is a player who has already trained with Ryan Giggs' senior Wales squad and has played for United in the Europa League.Hopes are high for Levitt who, like Garner, is also 19, and he'll be looking forward to trying to justify that faith in a Charlton side who are hoping to bounce back from relegation last season.He's obviously not ready for United's first team just yet, but a good showing this season would put him one step closer.  Delighted to have joined @cardiffcityfc on loan can’t wait to get started ??️❤️ A post shared by  Jordi Osei-Tutu (@jordi.ot) on Aug 25, 2020 at 6:59am PDT
