Transfer rumours: Arsenal consider Kante bid; De Jong rules out Man Utd move
Jul 10, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-arsenal-consider-kante-bid-de-jong-rules-out-man-utd
Frenkie de Jong has ruled out making a summer move to Manchester United, with the Barcelona midfielder producing a 10-point list outlining why he is not interested in the switch.  However, United remain confident that Christian Eriksen will choose them over Brentford. Previously, Bees manager Thomas Frank had revealed that they remain in the hunt for the playmaker.  Arsenal could be ready to make an audacious swoop to sign N'Golo Kante, who was left out of the Blues' squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.  Raphinha is losing patience with Barcelona and has given the Catalan giants 48 hours to agree a deal with Leeds. Chelsea remain interested in the forward as well.  Man Utd have been told by Ajax to increased their Lisandro Martinez offer to €43m if they wish to sign their top defensive target.  Despite plenty of links in recent times, United are said to have failed to submit a bid for Martinez's teammate, Antony, so far this transfer window.  The Red Devils are closing in on the signing Thomas Strakosha on a free transfer following the former Lazio goalkeeper's release.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey, Harry Symeou & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Juventus have yet to receive a concrete offer for Matthijs de Ligt, though I Bianconeri are aware of interest from Chelsea and Bayern Munich. Former Juve favourite Paulo Dybala is still yet to find his next club, with Man Utd the latest side to be linked with a move for the Argentine.  Real Madrid are hoping to part ways with Dani Ceballos, Mariano Diaz and Marco Asensio before the close of the transfer window, following the departure of Luka Jovic.  Brighton are keen to extend Marc Cucurella's contract amid interest from Premier League champions Manchester City.  Arsenal could be ready to rival the Seagulls in their pursuit of Benfica full-back Alex Grimaldo.  Lucas Torreira could remain at the Emirates Stadium this summer, after he was included in Mikel Arteta's squad for their pre-season tour of the USA.  Aston Villa are in negotiations over a deal to sign Swedish defender Ludwig Augustinsson from Sevilla. The Villans have already signed Diego Carlos from the La Liga side this summer. Napoli have confirmed that long-serving forward Dries Mertens has rejected a contract extension at the Serie A club.
