Janine Beckie joins Portland Thorns from Manchester City
Apr 1, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/janine-beckie-joins-portland-thorns-from-manchester-city
Janine Beckie has completed her move to Portland Thorns from Manchester City, bringing an end to her three-and-a-half-year spell in the WSL. The Canadian winger has signed a three-year deal with the option of a further year with the NWSL club. Thorns have acquired Beckie's rights from Racing Louisville FC, who receive $75,000 in allocation money as part of the deal. They will receive an additional $25,000 according to the Thorns' and Beckie's performances during the 2022 season. “Finding the right words to say has been really hard, but in life and especially in sport, sometimes the best things come to an end," Beckie told Manchester City's official club website.   “When I came to Manchester in 2018, I could have never imagined I’d stay for so long, but it was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. In the last four seasons, the moments and memories I’ve experienced will be ones I hold onto forever.  “It’s not easy moving your whole life having no idea what was waiting for you on the other side, but what I found was a club that very quickly became close to my heart. A home away from home, friends that have become family and a place that’ll always be a part of me.  “I came as a player and I’m leaving as a life-long fan. Once a blue, always a blue.” The move sees Beckie return to the NWSL for the first time since 2018, having previously enjoyed stints with Houston Dash and Sky Blue FC. “Janine is a versatile player who can play across multiple positions,” Thorns FC head coach Rhian Wilkinson told the club's official website. “She works hard defensively, something I value very highly, and with her engine, athleticism, speed and finishing ability, will bring a lot to our attacks.  "She is a team-first type of person, which will allow her to seamlessly fit in with this team and group of players. We are excited to have her here.” Beckie is one of the biggest names in Canadian football, scoring 34 goals in 85 appearances for her country. The winger was part of the squad that won a famous Olympic gold in Tokyo, scoring twice against Chile in the group stages of the competition. The Olympic gold added to the bronze medal Beckie won five years earlier in Rio. 
