Transfer rumours: Liverpool's Mane stance; United eye Eriksen
Jun 5, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-liverpool-mane-stance-united-eye-eriksen
Liverpool will target Leeds winger Raphinha, having accepted that Sadio Mane intends to leave the club this summer. Mane's stance hasn't changed and he hasn't even pushed for a new contract at Anfield. Manchester United have joined the pursuit of Danish midfielder Christian Eriksen. Ideally Brentford would like to keep him following his successful second half of the season there, but they face a fight with Tottenham - his former club - and Everton also interested. Spurs are also eyeing new wide players, with both Allan Saint-Maximin of Newcastle and Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco touted as potential options. The latter is also a target for the Magpies and Aston Villa. French president Emmanuel Macron has revealed he spoke to Kylian Mbappe before the forward decided to reject Real Madrid in favour of a stay at Paris Saint-Germain. PSG are also set to finally sack head coach Mauricio Pochettino in the coming days, and there will be more upheaval at board level too. However, Jose Mourinho is not likely to be his replacement in the dugout. Barcelona are trying to force striker Martin Braithwaite out of the club, with the player currently attempting to stay. The Catalan giants will target a free transfer for Liverpool talisman Mohamed Salah next summer. Meanwhile, Chelsea have emerged as favourites to sign outgoing Barça winger Ousmane Dembele, who has not signed a new contract at Camp Nou. Current Blues winger Christian Pulisic is being monitored by Italian giants Milan and Juventus. He could be among a number of forward players made available at Stamford Bridge this summer. Manchester City have no intention of loaning out young striker Julian Alvarez next season, with the Argentine set to be given the chance to impress in the first team. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. One player who could be set to leave the Etihad Stadium is Gabriel Jesus, and Arsenal are willing to offer the forward £190,000 per week to move to north London this summer. Gunners midfielder Lucas Torreira is a target for Valencia after a permanent move to Fiorentina fell through. Nottingham Forest plan to try their luck with an audacious £12m bid for Burnley's England international goalkeeper Nick Pope.
