Manchester United 'rivalling PSG' for Brest star Romain Faivre
Jan 11, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-united-psg-brest-romain-faivre
Manchester United are said to be considering a move for Brest midfielder Romain Faivre, who has also played his way on to the radar of Paris Saint-Germain this season. The 22-year-old, who joined from Monaco for just under £400,000 last summer, has exploded onto the scene in Ligue 1 this season, racking up four goals and three assists for Olivier Dall'Oglio's mid-table side. Brest were so impressed with his rise to prominence that they handed him a new contract just four months after he arrived, but according to Le10Sport, that might not be enough to fend off interest from United or PSG, with the Manchester club supposedly 'rivalling' the French champions for his signature. It's stressed that there is no significant interest at the minute, but both sides have begun monitoring the 22-year-old and see Faivre as a potential future star. Faivre is a central midfielder by trade and was primarily used in that position during his time with Monaco's reserves last season, in which he managed five goals and an assist in 21 games, but his creativity has seen Dall'Oglio use Faivre in all sorts of positions. ? Une patte gauche ??????????? ?Un bijou qui permet à Romain Faivre d'inscrire son 3⃣e but avec la #TeamPirates ?‍☠️#FCNSB29 3-1 pic.twitter.com/PvCjPScLsg The Frenchman has spent most of his time as a left winger but has also been deployed on the right and behind the striker, and he has even been used as an outright forward on a handful of occasions this season. He's building up a reputation as a versatile goal threat, with his wand of a left foot getting a specific shout-out in the report, and it's not hard to see why big clubs are starting to take an interest in Faivre. However, is this one going anywhere just yet? Almost certainly not. United have just splashed out a cool £37m on Ivorian teenager Amad Diallo, who is on his way to the club this month, so the focus will currently be on ensuring the 18-year-old adapts to life in England as soon as possible.
