Transfer rumours: Man Utd in De Jong talks; Man City push for Phillips
Jun 14, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-de-jong-talks-man-city-push-for-phillips
Manchester United have opened talks with Barcelona over a move for midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The Catalan giants are set to demand €100m for the Dutchman but United are keen to get a deal done for less than that. Liverpool and Manchester City are continuing to monitor Gavi's situation at Barcelona, but his current release clause has now risen to €100m. A new contract at Camp Nou is expected to bump that figure up to €1bn. City's interest in Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips has not waned either and the 26-year-old is now the club's preferred target following confirmation of Erling Haaland's arrival. Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski has rejected a move to Paris Saint-Germain and has instead agreed a long-anticipated move to Barcelona. AC Milan are keeping tabs on Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio, who has previously been linked with a move to Arsenal. Liverpool have tabled a £60m offer for Leeds winger Raphinha as Jurgen Klopp looks to build on the imminent arrival of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella may be boosted by Brighton's interest in left-back Zaidu Sanusi, who currently plies his trade for FC Porto.  The Cityzens are also close to agreeing a deal for teenage Le Havre defender Isaak Toure, fending off interest from Marseille and Lyon in the process. He is then expected to join Troyes on loan, who are part of the City Football Group. RB Leipzig are set to demand £100m for standout forward Christopher Nkunku. Manchester United, Arsenal, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain have all been linked with a summer move. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United’s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. Newcastle may walk away from their long-term pursuit of Sven Botman after Lille raised their asking price from £30m to £36m. The Magpies remain confident of signing Reims striker Hugo Ekitike though, who they have been chasing since the January transfer window. Fulham have turned their attention to Arsenal's backup goalkeeper Bernd Leno after struggling to agree terms with Lazio stopper Thomas Strakosha. A deal for Shakhtar Donetsk attacking midfielder Manor Solomon is also back on after Fulham previously failed to agree terms, and there's hope of signing Neco Williams on a permanent basis ahead of Premier League new boys Nottingham Forest. Aston Villa have no intention of letting Danny Ings leave the club after just one season, despite the frontman being linked with Leeds, Manchester United and a return to Southampton.
