Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid eye Salah; Man Utd lead Fati chase
Mar 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-eye-salah-man-utd-lead-fati-chase-31-03-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid have added Liverpool winger Mohamed Salah to their list of potential attacking targets this summer, with Napoli's Victor Osimhen and Tottenham's Harry Kane also on Los Blancos' radar. (Defensa Central) An incoming for Liverpool could be Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat after the Reds opened talks with the Serie A side. (Foot Mercato) Chelsea are prepared to demand as much as £70m to part ways with midfielder Mason Mount if he does not extend his contract before the start of the summer transfer window. (The Athletic) Mount would be interested in a reunion with former boss Thomas Tuchel at Bayern Munich. (The Guardian) With his future at Barcelona uncertain, Ansu Fati is being tracked by a number of Premier League sides. Manchester United are leading the race for his signature ahead of Arsenal, Chelsea and Newcastle. (Sport) Lionel Messi has received an offer from Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal that would make him the highest-paid player in the world if he chooses to leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer. (L'Equipe) READ NEXT manual PSG are exploring a deal to sign Manchester City centre-back Aymeric Laporte, who is also a target for Barcelona. (Football Insider) Sticking with Barcelona and defenders, the Blaugrana could be about to lose Eric Garcia as Arsenal are prepared to reignite their interest in the Spain international. (Mundo Deportivo) Andreas Christensen is also a target for a number of Premier League sides, although Barcelona have no interest in authorising a sale. (ESPN) Chelsea and Tottenham will do battle this summer to sign Inter defender Alessandro Bastoni. (Fichajes) A club-record bid could be coming from Newcastle for Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby, a long-time target for the Magpies. (Northern Echo) LISTEN NOW
