Transfer rumours: Man Utd happy with Lewandowski wages; Chelsea eye Skriniar
Jun 13, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-lewandowski-wages-chelsea-skriniar
Manchester United could offer Robert Lewandowski wages worth £400,000 per week in a bid to tempt the Polish striker to Old Trafford. He has made up his mind to leave Bayern Munich but has primarily been eyeing a switch to Barcelona. Barcelona are interested in signing Kalidou Koulibaly, who has been valued at €40m by Napoli, but only if they lose out to Chelsea in their efforts to buy Sevilla’s Jules Kounde. Juventus are increasingly confident of completing the signing of free agent Paul Pogba amid more scheduled talks with his lawyer. Inter have turned down a Paris Saint-Germain bid for Milan Skriniar worth €40m. The Slovakian is valued at €60m and is also of interest to Chelsea, who could offer players in order to lower the cash cost of a bid – Ruben Loftus-Cheek is one of the considered. Christian Eriksen is expected to leave Brentford to pursue a bigger challenge. Tottenham and Manchester United are among the clubs interested in the Dane. Liverpool could accept just £10m for fringe midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who is drawing interest from West Ham. Manchester United have also been linked with a shock approach in recent days, with no players transferring directly between the rivals for nearly 60 years. Everton will ask for more than £50m for Brazilian forward Richarlison. Tottenham are keen on signing the former Watford star, with Real Madrid and PSG also linked. Aberdeen want Liverpool to pay up to £8.5m – including a guaranteed initial £5m – for emerging 18-year-old full-back Calvin Ramsay. Newcastle have ambitions to sign Roma winger Nicolo Zaniolo, although there would be expected competition from Serie A giants Juventus and AC Milan to keep him in Italy. River Plate are in contact with Luis Suarez, who is a free agent after leaving Atletico Madrid. The veteran Uruguayan hasn’t played club football in South America since 2006 and is a target for Aston Villa and former teammate Steven Gerrard Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Manchester United remain interested in Dutch wing-back Denzel Dumfries and Inter may cash in for the right price. Leeds are in the hunt for New York City striker Taty Castellanos, who won the MLS Golden Boot in 2021, as they seek cover for the injury-prone Patrick Bamford.
