Bethany England Signs New Long-Term Contract With Chelsea Women
Jul 29, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/bethany-england-signs-new-long-term-contract-with-chelsea-women
Chelsea Women forward Bethany England has committed her long-term future to the reigning Women’s Super League champions by signing a new four-year contract until 2024. It is a tremendous show of faith in England and a sign of the increasingly professional and long-term approach in the women’s game, where contracts are more typically much shorter.  Great news! ? @BethanyEngland4 has signed a four-year contract extension with the Blues! ? #CFCW #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea Football Club Women (@chelseafcw) on Jul 29, 2020 at 5:02am PDT With an unbeaten Chelsea awarded the title on points per game when the 2019/20 was abandoned due to the difficulties attached with restarting amid the coronavirus crisis, England finished second in the WSL Golden Boot race and was crowned the WSL’s Barclays Player of the Season. All in all, England got 21 goals in 24 appearances in all competitions and also established herself at international level as a member of the Lionesses squad. “It means a lot to me, especially being at such a great club that Chelsea is,” the 26-year-old told the club’s official website in reference to her new contract. “I’ve spent a lot of time here already, so being able to extend that and hopefully kick on with what I’ve already achieved at this club is exciting.” Team general manager Tom Green commented, “‘We’re delighted to have extended Beth’s contract, as she has been outstanding in the last 18 months, playing a big part in the team’s success. We feel that she is now coming in to her peak as a player and look forward to seeing how she continues to develop for both club and country in the upcoming years.” England started the 2019/20 campaign with a stunning goal against Tottenham in front of 25,000 people at Stamford Bridge and later scored in eight consecutive WSL games between November and February, a run of results which ultimately secured Chelsea the title.
