Transfer rumours: Bellingham's bargain release clause; Man City eye White
Dec 27, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-bellingham-s-bargain-release-clause-man-city-eye-white-27-12-22
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Jude Bellingham could leave Borussia Dortmund for as little as £60m following claims of a release clause in his contract. The England international is being tracked by Manchester United, Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Real Madrid. (Daily Mail) Chelsea are considering a loan bid for Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix which could include either an option or an obligation to sign the Portugal forward permanently. (Daily Telegraph) January could be a busy months for the Blues, who are also in advanced talks to sign Monaco centre-back Benoit Badiashile. (Fabrizio Romano) Pep Guardiola is interested in bringing Arsenal defender Ben White to Man City, seeing the versatile defender as a possible long-term replacement for Kyle Walker. (Fichajes) Barcelona are no longer prepared to sell midfielder Frenkie de Jong in the summer, handing a blow to long-term admirers Man Utd. (Sport) Man Utd are ready to make Porto's Diogo Costa the most expensive goalkeeper ever, readying a bid worth over £72m for the young Portugal international. (AS) Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd’s ongoing interest in Dutch duo Cody Gakpo and Frenkie de Jong, Josko Gvardiol’s future, Gabriel Martinelli and more! Available on all audio platforms. If you can’t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Shakhtar Donetsk want £85m for winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, with Arsenal's latest offer worth just £57m. (The Guardian) Real Madrid have decided to move for Bayern Munich left-back Alphonso Davies in 2024 and have identified the Canada international as their top target for the position. (AS) Al Nassr have scheduled a medical for Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of a proposed move to the Saudi Arabian side. (CBS Sports)
