Football transfer rumours: PSG make Mbappe decision; Chelsea & Liverpool ready Barella bids
Apr 10, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-psg-make-mbappe-decision-chelsea-liverpool-ready-barella-bids-10-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have already decided that they will never entertain bids to sell Kylian Mbappe, who may be forced to see out his contract until 2024 before suitors like Real Madrid can lure him away from the French capital. (Sport) Coming in at PSG could be Inter centre-back Alessandro Bastoni, but the Ligue 1 giants will have to fend off competition from Manchester City for the Italy international. (Tuttosport) Manchester United want a new midfielder this summer and have placed Brighton duo Moises Caicedo and Alexis Mac Allister on their shortlist of potential targets. (Telegraph) Following his sensational loan spell with Reims, Folarin Balogun is a target for AC Milan, who expect Arsenal to demand in excess of €30m for the young striker. (Calciomercato) Chelsea and Liverpool are preparing to do battle over Inter midfielder Nicolo Barella, who is fee to leave the club for around £44m. (Calciomercato) Leaving Chelsea could be Morocco winger Hakim Ziyech, with Tottenham lodging their interest in getting a deal done. (Football Insider) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Brentford will demand £35m to sell goalkeeper David Raya this summer as he enters the final 12 months of his contract. Chelsea, Man Utd and Tottenham are all known admirers. (Fabrizio Romano) Chelsea's goalkeeping priority is 22-year-old Valencia stopper Giorgi Mamardashvili and the Blues are leading Man Utd and Tottenham in the race for his signature. (Calciomercatoweb) Nice midfielder Khephren Thuram is on the radar of Real Madrid, who could pay around €32m for the Frenchman. (Defensa Central) Barcelona have made the 'first move' to re-sign striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Chelsea. (Mundo Deportivo) Arsenal are the side with the biggest desire to sign Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic at the end of the season. (Tuttomercatoweb) LISTEN NOW
