Arsenal confirm signing of David Raya on loan from Brentford
Aug 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arsenal-confirm-signing-david-raya-loan-brentford
Arsenal have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Raya on a season-long loan from Brentford. The Gunners allowed previous deputy Matt Turner to join Nottingham Forest earlier this month and have now replaced him with the in-demand Raya. A small loan fee has been paid and 90min understands Arsenal also have the option to buy Raya permanently for a total package of £30m. Sporting director Edu told the club's official website: "We welcome David to us on a season-long loan from Brentford.  "David is a top-quality goalkeeper, who has consistently performed to a high level with Brentford in the Premier League. With David joining us we are adding quality and depth to our squad so we can perform at the highest possible level in all competitions." Raya, who has been handed the number 22 shirt last worn by Pablo Mari during the 2021/22 campaign, signed a new two-year contract with Brentford before making the move, with the Bees also holding the option to extend that by a further 12 months. feed Raya, who was also wanted by Bayern Munich and had interest from a number of other top Premier League sides, will now compete with current number one Aaron Ramsdale for a spot in Mikel Arteta's lineup. "Bring it on," Ramsdale told ITV of the competition before Raya's move was finalised. "Nothing comes easy in football.  "But also at the same time you need to move along and adapt as well. I've done it to other people when I've moved to clubs. I'm not going to be thinking that it's never going to happen to me. So, yeah, I think if it happens, it happens and then we'll fight and we'll make each other the best version of ourselves because that's what the manager is telling us as well. "I'm sure whoever plays, me, Matt, whoever comes in, the goalkeeping union, people will laugh at but it's a real thing, and your individual disappointment will go away and you'll put the team first and you'll put that goalkeeper first as well."
