Football transfer rumours: Mbappe receives Premier League interest; Man Utd set Hojlund limit
Jul 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-mbappe-receives-premier-league-interest-man-utd-set-hojlund-limit-25-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham have made contact with PSG over Kylian Mbappe, with Barcelona and Inter also making enquiries. The Red Devils have since played down speculation over a move, while Spurs could offer Harry Kane in a swap deal. (Daily Telegraph) Like Manchester United, Barcelona have also denied that they will be pursuing a move for Mbappe at this time. (MARCA) Al Hilal's offer to Mbappe would see him earn £172m a year and retain 100% of his image rights. They have had a £259m bid accepted by PSG. (Fabrizio Romano) However, the only club that Mbappe is interested in joining if he leaves PSG remains Real Madrid. (ESPN) manual Folarin Balogun is currently training away from the rest of the Arsenal first team as speculation about his future rumbles on. (The Athletic) Liverpool are actively trying to sign Romeo Lavia from Southampton as their midfield rebuild continues. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United are unwilling to meet Atalanta's £86m asking price for Rasmus Hojlund and will not bid any higher than £60m. (The Times) In the meantime, Manchester United are continuing to monitor Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani, while Erik ten Hag is eyeing a reunion with Ajax's Mohammed Kudus, who has been linked with Arsenal and Chelsea in recent weeks. (Daily Mirror) Chelsea are ready to move on from Conor Gallagher this window, with Tottenham and West Ham both interested in the midfielder. (Evening Standard) West Ham have already seen a bid worth £37m plus add-ons for Gallagher rejected by Chelsea but are not willing to go higher. Manchester United's Scott McTominay and Southampton's James Ward-Prowse are also of interest. (Guardian) Meanwhile, Chelsea's attempts to sign Moises Caicedo have been hit by Brighton's demands to include Levi Colwill in the deal. (Guardian)
