Leeds to demand in excess of £100m for Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips
Jun 4, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-to-demand-in-excess-of-100m-for-raphinha-and-kalvin-phillips
Leeds United will demand in excess of £100m if they are to part ways with Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips this summer, 90min understands. The Whites secured their status as a Premier League side on the final day of the 2021/22 season, as a 2-1 win over Brentford condemned Burnley to life in the Championship. But despite putting themselves in the best possible position to keep their star players, Leeds are fielding plenty of interest from a number of big clubs. Indeed, winger Raphinha has been on the radar of a number of top European sides for months, and was even the subject of a failed £50m offer from West Ham during the January transfer window. The Hammers' interest has cooled but the same can't be said for Barcelona, who are desperate to strengthen their attacking options in order to once again become a force in La Liga. Raphinha has been identified as one of Xavi's main targets, but the Catalan giants are not in a strong position financially and are reliant on outgoings being finalised before they can make a move. Bayern Munich and Liverpool have also been linked to Raphinha, but 90min understands that Leeds will not agree to any kind of deal unless their valuation of the Brazilian is met.  Sources have confirmed the club want in excess of £60m, even though Raphinha has informed the club that he does not want to negotiate a new and improved contract – he has two years left on the deal he signed when joining from Rennes. As for Phillips, he is also attracting widespread interest with a number of Premier League sides considering a summer move. Among them are champions Manchester City, who 90min revealed on Friday are undertaking background checks to ensure the 26-year-old would be a good fit in their dressing room. Manchester United, Newcastle, Aston Villa and West Ham are also admirers of Phillips, who has insisted that he would be happy to stay at Elland Road if the club were to reward his substantial progress with an appropriate contract renewal. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea.
