MLS transfer roundup: Mensah swaps Crew for Quakes & LAFC sign Tillman
Feb 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/mls-transfer-roundup-mensah-swaps-crew-for-quakes-lafc-sign-tillman
With the 2023 MLS season fast approaching, teams are hard at work strengthening their rosters ahead of the big kick-off. Here's all the big moves you may have missed over the last couple of days: One of the best in @MLS.Let the @Jomens25 era begin.#VamosSJ pic.twitter.com/SLt7bGvqSV With Brazilian defender Nathan suffering an ACL injury, it was vital the San Jose Earthquakes bolstered their options at center-back.In Jonathan Mensah, they have acquired a player with 175 games under his belt and MLS Cup and Campeones Cup titles during his time with the Columbus Crew.The Quakes will pay up to $500k in General Allocation Money (GAM) for Mensah's services, with $200k guaranteed across the next two seasons."Nathan’s unfortunate injury left a significant hole at a precarious time in our preseason that we didn’t hesitate to address quickly," Earthquakes general manager Chris Leitch said in a club press release. "We knew we needed to bring in a player of significant quality and experience to compete at the highest level in MLS."We feel very fortunate and excited to bring in Jonathan, who has been named MLS Best XI, has captained an MLS Cup-winning side, and who knows what it takes to perform and be a leader for a competitive team in MLS. His leadership and success in Major League Soccer will be invaluable to our squad as we approach the 2023 regular season and his qualities as a human being will positively impact our organization and community." Bienvenido al Barrio Angelino, Timothy. 🖤💛#LAFC pic.twitter.com/tTYyg5klQZ LAFC have bolstered their midfield with the signing of Timothy Tillman from 2. Bundesliga side Greuther Fürth.Tillman - the older brother of USMNT and Rangers star Malik Tillman - has signed a three-year contract through the 2025 MLS season with a club option on 2026. He joins after notching two goals and six assists in 86 games across Germany's top two levels, including during a loan spell with 1. FC Nürnberg."Timothy is a dynamic, versatile midfielder with incredible experience in one of the top leagues in the world," LAFC co-president and general manager John Thorrington said in a statement. "We are excited to welcome him to LA as we firmly believe he will contribute immediately and help in our ambitions to win more trophies." Will Bruin is VERDE. 🌳 pic.twitter.com/8fxcVa4RCf Austin FC have added experience to their forward line with the signing of veteran Will Bruin.The 33-year-old arrives via free agency following a five-year stay with the Seattle Sounders, signing a deal through the 2023 MLS season with an option on 2024."I’m thrilled to join Austin FC and ready to do whatever I can to help the team toward its goal of lifting trophies," Bruin said in a release. "After seeing the success the team had last year and the incredible support from the fanbase, I’m confident we can achieve great things together this season. I’m excited to get to work."In total, Bruin has played 330 MLS regular season and Playoffs games combined during spells with Seattle and the Houston Dynamo, scoring 86 goals and providing 35 assists. Earned it 👏Sporting Kansas City signs defender and MLS #SuperDraft pick Chris Rindov.📰 https://t.co/YuAECShx4t#SportingKC | @Shift4 pic.twitter.com/iHcX4Mbfem Sporting Kansas City have added center-back Chris Rindov to their roster through the 2023 MLS season, with options on 2024 and 2025.Rindov signs a professional contract after being selected 37th overall (second round) by SKC during the 2023 MLS SuperDraft, while he's logged 150 minutes during preseason, playing in all four of his side's friendlies so far.The signing of Rindov comes as SKC have lost fellow center-back Kortne Forde for most likely the whole of the 2023 season after the defender underwent surgery on a ruptured Achilles tendon. #SantiEstáDeVuelta 💪 pic.twitter.com/dBRpz1xX62 FC Cincinnati have added considerable quality to their backline with the signing of right-back Santiago Arias on a free transfer.Arias' deal runs through the 2023 MLS season with an option on 2024.Capped 54 times for his country, Arias arrives in Major League Soccer following a glittering career in Europe, playing almost 300 games for the likes of Atletico Madrid, PSV, Sporting CP, and Bayer Leverkusen.The 31-year-old lifted multiple honors during that time, including three Eredivisie titles with PSV and a UEFA Super Cup with Atletico Madrid.“Santi brings an enormous amount of experience and ability to FC Cincinnati,” general manager Chris Albright said in a club press release.“His defensive instincts, character, and overall quality is a welcome addition to the group and I’d like to welcome him and his family to Cincinnati.”
