Transfer news LIVE: Juve offered De Jong, Dembele to leave, Pogba latest
Jan 20, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/january-transfer-news-live-20220120
Welcome to the 90min Thursday live transfer blog - the place that will keep you up to date with all the breaking news throughout the day. Just 12 days of the transfer window remain and there's still plenty of time for signings to be completed across Europe - though as ever, negotiating in January is proving as difficult as ever. Newcastle appear to be the team to keep an eye on, with manager Eddie Howe hopeful that the many irons his club have in the fire lead to at least another three or four signings. Follow along with the below live blog to stay up to date with all the latest transfer speculation doing the rounds. Think we'll call it a night there, Thanks as ever for joining us. We'll be back at it on Friday morning to bring you all the latest transfer rumours and done deals. See you then! Aaron Ramsey is set to leave Juventus this month but he won't be joining Crystal Palace, according to The Daily Mail. Wales international Ramsey had been interested in working under Gunners legend Patrick Vieira, but  the Eagles have decided to walk away from any formal efforts to sign him. Celtic have confirmed the signing of Milton Keynes Dons midfielder Matt O'Riley on a four-and-a-half year deal for an undisclosed fee. A former England youth international, O'Riley joins a Celtic side looking to wrestle the Scottish Premiership title back from Rangers. Hugo Lloris is set to sign a new two-year contract with Tottenham, 90min understands. Manager Antonio Conte has been impressed by the Frenchman's recent form and talks have progressed quickly and smoothy. Brenden Aaronson will not be leaving Red Bull Salzburg this January, a club spokesperson has told 90min. The United States international has proven a hit in Austria since joining from MLS side Philadelphia Union in January 2021, with ten goals and 12 assists in 51 appearances for Salzburg. So good has his form been since moving to Europe that Aaronson has appeared on the radar of Leeds United and Marcelo Bielsa. Earlier this week, the Whites reportedly had a bid of just over $20m (£14.7m) rejected for the 21-year-old forward. Juventus have been offered another Barcelona midfielder should former Barça man Arthur depart Turin. The Brazilian has been linked with a move to Arsenal. Juve are interested in bringing De Jong to Turin, but 90min has been told that Barcelona's insistence that any move would need to be permanent - or at the very least an 18-month loan - could put a spanner in the works. De Jong is someone who head coach Xavi is keen to shift in the near future - alongside Sergino Dest and Marc-Andre ter Stegen - after a disappointing dip in form during the 2021/22 season. Remember when James Tarkowski was a shoo-in to become the first signing of the new Newcastle regime? Well it hasn't happened and it might not ever happen, because high-flying West Ham are keeping tabs on the Burnley centre-back. The 29-year-old's contract expires in June and 90min understands that Hammers boss David Moyes is keen to bring him to the London Stadium on a free transfer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang says his heart is "absolutely fine" having returned to Arsenal early from AFCON after being diagnosed with cardiac lesions. After further medical tests in London the striker says he is "completely healthy". It now remains to be seen whether he will leave Arsenal this month. Having lost the faith of head coach Mikel Arteta and been stripped of the captaincy, it was revealed yesterday that he is the subject of a loan with obligation to buy bid from Saudi side Al-Nassr. PSG's interest in Tanguy Ndombele came out earlier on Thursday, with a player exchange mooted. The Telegraph now say Spurs could receive Leandro Paredes in return for Ndombele if the deal goes ahead. Reims president Jean-Pierre Caillot has revealed Newcastle's "quasi-impossible" clause proposals have seen a deal for Hugo Ekitike stall. He said: "It is true that a lot have realised the quality of the player now, but not us. He was formed with us and it does not surprise us. Newcastle positioned themselves, we discussed it, they made us an offer that did not suit us. "As we do not really want him to leave, we have fixed the price quite high. They did offer us €35m (£29m) all in, but with a number of bonuses, some of them were quasi-impossible to reach. "Like for example, winning the Champions League...we want €30m (£25m) flat and €10m (£8.3m) achievable bonuses." Aston Villa defender Kortney Hause has signed a new deal with the club which will last until 2025. You may remember his strike which gave Villa a memorable victory at Manchester United earlier in the season. Tottenham remain interested in Adama Traore but have fallen short of Wolves' valuation with their latest bid. 90min understands the Wanderers want a deal worth £22m which includes add-ons, but Spurs haven't quite got there yet. You can see more of that story here. We brought you news earlier on Thursday of Newcastle having a loan bid for Manchester United's Jesse Lingard rejected. In an update on that story, the Magpies are now happy to pay for a permanent deal, 90min understands. You can find the full story here. Arsenal seem to be on the lookout for a new goalkeeper, and that search has apparently taken them to Major League Soccer. ESPN's Taylor Twellman claims the Gunners have made a bid for New England Revolution's Matt Turner. He also adds that it would be "a great opportunity for both the player & franchise to further enhance their brand", which is an interesting take. Ousmane Dembele has fired back at Barcelona, who earlier on Thursday revealed that he will be sold this month after the two parties failed to come to an agreement on a new contract. The France international is out of contract in the summer and Barça can't afford to lose him for free, considering their perilous financial situation. However, Dembele has taken umbrage with Barça's communication on the subject, putting out his own take on events. Part of a statement posted on social media by Dembele reads: "For four years people have spoken for me, shamefully lied with a single purpose, the intention of harming me. I have been following my line of never answering for four years. Has it been a mistake? Surely. It’s over.” There's no space for Tanguy Ndombele at Tottenham these days. The Frenchman dropped a disaster class in the FA Cup win over Morecambe and hasn't been seen in a squad since. Spurs want him gone and might find a suitor in Ligue 1 giants PSG. The Athletic claim Mauricio Pochettino's side are interested in taking him on loan for the rest of the season. Ndombele was one of Pochettino's last signings at Tottenham before he was sacked by the club in 2019. An unnamed Premier League club based in London has made an offer for Sevilla defender Diego Carlos, according to both Sky Sports' Kaveh Solhekol and The Athletic's David Ornstein. That's cool reporting and all, but how about saying which club it is, yeah? That would be really cool.  The club's administrators have issued an update this afternoon ?#DCFC Derby have issued an update to fans and supporters on issues regarding interested parties, claims from other football clubs and funding. Chelsea are pretty hamstrung by injuries and fatigue at the moment, so it seems a little unrealistic to think they could send Malang Sarr out on loan. However, that's what Foot Mercato are reporting. The French outlet claims West Ham, Everton, Newcastle and Leicester are all interested, though the Blues aren't currently considering letting him leave. We all know Everton owner Farhad Moshiri loves a big name, and now he's going after a former World Cup winner as a potential managerial successor to Rafa Benitez. 2006 Italy hero Fabio Cannavaro has apparently been interviewed for the vacant role, at Goodison Park according to The Telegraph.  The 48-year-old most recently managed Guangzhou Evergrande in China. Eddie Nketiah still hasn't got his move away from Arsenal this month. He only has six months left on his Gunners contract and has been linked with a load of clubs this month. The Athletic say the young striker "has been considered" by Aston Villa, though Steven Gerrard's side have more pressing priorities at centre back and defensive midfield. Defender Rhys Williams has been recalled by Liverpool from his loan spell at Swansea. The 20-year-old - heavily used by the Reds last season due to their injury troubles - only made five Championship appearances for the Swans and will likely be sent out again until the end of the season. MLS outfit Inter Miami have confirmed the loan signing of Leonardo Campana from Wolves, revealing they have a "purchase option" for the 21-year-old. Campana has previously spent time on loan with Portuguese club Famalicao and Swiss side Grasshopper. 90min first reported on Tottenham's interest in Franck Kessie on New Year's Eve.  The Milan midfielder is set to be available for free in the summer but with competition likely to be fierce at the end of the season the Telegraph claim Spurs may try and jump the queue by securing Kessie for a fee this month. It doesn't sound very Daniel Levy-esque, but you never know.  In case you missed it this morning, Barcelona finally admitted defeat in the Ousmane Dembele contract saga and confirmed they would be looking to sell the player 'immediately'.  The club's comments have not gone down well though, particularly the one about him having to leave Camp Nou 'as soon as possible'. The Spanish Players' Union have even warned that Barça could have infringed Dembele's labour rights. "This circumstance could be understood as pressure to bend their will, and public statements are also made acknowledging this type of pressure, we would be facing an illegal action by the company," their statement read. Bernd Leno has barely featured since Aaron Ramsdale booted him out of the Arsenal side at the beginning of the season.  90min understands that the German is keen on leaving the club this month and Newcastle are potential suitors. The Magpies are keen on a loan deal with an obligation to buy in the summer, though Arsenal are concerned about leaving themselves short... Read the full story here.  According to Italian reporter Gianluigi Longari, Tottenham are in for a player dubbed the 'next Erling Haaland'. Well, no pressure then.  Benjamin Sesko is the latest talent off the Red Bull Salzburg production line, and the 18-year-old has already managed three goals in 15 league appearances this season. Not quite Haaland levels yet then... Arthur Melo's proposed loan move to Arsenal has been a fixture of these live blogs over the past few weeks. Things had seemed to be simmering down somewhat in recent days but the saga could be ready to kick off again with TuttoMercatoWeb reporting that Arthur has told Juventus that he wants to make the switch this month.  Juventus are pretty desperate to get Aaron Ramsey's monster wages off the books this month so they will be delighted by the news that he has recovered from Covid-19. Newcastle and Tottenham have both been linked with the midfielder in the past and they are now free to negotiate to their heart's content.  Barcelona have not got much right in the transfer market over the past few years, but they may have stumbled upon a get out of jail free card in the form of midfield starlet Gavi. Thus, the Blaugrana would have been very worried over speculation linking him with a move away from the club of late. Fortunately for cules everywhere, Helena Cordis Edo reports that Gavi will pen a new deal until 2026 soon.  It will even include another one of those €1bn release clauses. No chance he's going anywhere anytime soon then.  Since 90min revealed Newcastle were after Sevilla defender Diego Carlos last week, the Magpies have been trying desperately to hammer out a deal in time for this weekend's clash with Leeds.  Although they remain confident of getting this one over the line, the club will not have been particularly encouraged by Carlos' interview last night, in which he insisted he still has 'a lot of time' at his current side.  Read the full story here... Arsenal and Burnley might be the two most contrasting sides in the Premier League and it's very rare that you see them linked with the same player. The Sun are bucking that trend this morning, claiming that both the Gunners and Clarets are in for Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Mislav Orsic. Arsenal's interest is easy to understand. Orsic netted a hat trick against Spurs last season, knocking them out of the Europa League in the process. If you don't ask, you don't get. This is clearly the mantra Man Utd have been adopting in their negotiations with Juventus over a loan deal for Anthony Martial, if Sport Mediaset are to be believed. They report that the Red Devils are trying to charge Juve a hilarious €12m for the privilege of taking the forward on loan for the next five months. What a rip off. Ousmane Dembele and his agent have been playing hard ball with Barcelona in contract negotiations for some time. Now, after a string of missed deadlines and empty ultimatums, the club have finally lost patience with director Mateu Alemany confirming the Blaugrana's desire to rid themselves of the injury-prone winger "immediately". Read the full story here.  Another Tottenham player relentless linked with the exit door has been Dutch forward Steven Bergwijn. But after his dramatic two-goal injury-time show against Leicester – which saw Spurs wrestle victory from the jaws of defeat - manager Antonio Conte made it clear that Bergwijn is an important asset who he can't afford to lose. "In the past when someone asks me about Steven Bergwijn I was very clear, I said that for me he is an important player because he has characteristics that in our squad we don't have many creative players." Tanguy Ndombele's future at Tottenham is uncertain to say the least, and there's now talk of a possible swap deal that would reunite with him *checks notes* Jose Mourinho. That's right, the Daily Express report that Ndombele could be heading for Roma in exchange for former Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Veretout. Udinese have completed the loan signing of Arsenal defender Pablo Mari - who some fans considered to be better than Virgil van Dijk after his first few appearances! Fair to say those assessments were a little wide of the mark... Bienvenido Pablo Marí ? ??? https://t.co/wyaxA6PdB9⚪️⚫️ #ForzaUdinese #AlèUdin #WelcomeMarí #PabloMarí pic.twitter.com/sqARElCJuL Spanish media outlet Sport claim that Barcelona are in extensive talks with the representatives of Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen. The 25-year-old is out of contract at Stamford Bridge at the end of the season and is yet to ink fresh terms. The Dane has been and out of Thomas Tuchel's side, though the former Borussia Dortmund boss is anxious for him to stay. Paul Pogba has still not relayed any sort of decision about his future to Manchester United. The World Cup-winning Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season and is being extensively monitored by Real Madrid and PSG. However, Pogba is still considering his next move, and is not yet willing to commit. Full story. A potential exit route from Arsenal appeared for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on Wednesday afternoon as Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr reportedly lodged a loan bid. Disciplinary breaches have seen Auba fall out of favour under Mikel Arteta this season, with the Spaniard even stripping him of the club captaincy. However, with the Gabon striker back in London to undergo further tests on a worrying health condition, the boss was in no mood for speculation. "He contracted Covid and then the national team decided to bring him back here. We need to make sure the player's health is in the best possible condition and then we'll see what happens." Newcastle have been linked with around 25 players this window, showing just how badly they want to improve their relegation-threatened squad. Many deals are being worked on but there will need to be improved bid made to Manchester United if they're to persuade them to allow Jesse Lingard to go on loan. The Magpies saw an initial loan bid rejected on Wednesday but a counter offer shouldn't be ruled out.
