Chelsea enquire about AC Milan goalkeeper Mike Maignan
Jun 6, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-enquire-ac-milan-goalkeeper-mike-maignan-inter-andre-onana
Chelsea have used their ongoing negotiations with AC Milan to enquire about a possible deal for goalkeeper Mike Maignan, 90min understands. Milan are keen to strike a deal to sign Chelsea midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek and the two sides have been negotiating over the past few weeks with a view to a permanent deal which could be worth close to €20m. While at the negotiating table, sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea officials took the opportunity to bring up Maignan, who has established himself as one of the top goalkeepers on the planet since his move to San Siro in 2021. However, their approach was met with fierce resistance from Milan, who are not keen on parting ways with the 27-year-old French stopper this summer. The negotiations over Loftus-Cheek, which are progressing well, are understood to be separate to any talks over a hypothetical move for Maignan. feed Chelsea are big fans of Maignan, whose experience with both Milan and Lille has impressed the Blues on their search for a new starting goalkeeper. Scouts have also been impressed elsewhere in the city as Inter's Andre Onana is understood to be another key target. The Blues, as is the case with most of their targets this summer, are looking to drive down the price of any deal for Onana by offering to include a player in the deal, and 90min understands that centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly has been discussed. Chelsea have proposed sending Koulibaly to Inter on a loan with an option to buy and the Serie A side are understood to be satisfied with that proposal. Also leaving Chelsea could be Edouard Mendy, whose departure from Stamford Bridge is seen as more likely than that of Kepa Arrizabalaga, although both goalkeepers are understood to be available. The Blues are known admirers of Porto's Diogo Costa and Valencia's Giorgi Mamardashvili, but the experience of Maignan and Onana has given the Serie A duo the edge in Chelsea's estimations.
