Jonathan David keen on joining a 'massive' club in Premier League or La Liga
Oct 26, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/jonathan-david-keen-on-joining-massive-club-premier-league-la-liga
Lille striker Jonathan David has revealed he will ‘got for it’ if the chance to play for a ‘massive club’ is presented to him, with Manchester United and Chelsea among those linked with the Canadian. Having grown up in Ottawa, David got the chance to move to Europe aged 18 when Gent offered him a contract. After 37 goals in 83 appearances in Belgium, he moved to France with Lille and has seen improvements year on year – he already has nine goals in 12 games this season. That kind of form has already raised the possibility of a high profile move. 90min revealed last week that Chelsea have David on their radar. The Blues are keen on Napoli forward Victor Osimhen but expect there to be considerable competition for the Nigeria international and are considering multiple other options, one of which is David. Manchester United are also in need of a striker, with Cristiano Ronaldo set to leave at some point in 2023 and Anthony Martial continuing to struggle with injuries. David will have more opportunity to showcase himself to potential suitors at the rapidly approaching World Cup, with Canada qualifying for a tournament on the global stage for the first time since 1986. "I was always watching European football on TV. So, for me that was always the goal. For me it was, I only wanted to go to Europe," David told Sky Sports News, discussing his club future. "The next step is always growing, having more ambition, a bigger club. Every player wants to play for a massive club in their life. I think if I had the chance to do it, I'll go for it for sure." Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's Man Utd future, interest in Naby Keita and a decision looming for Harry Kane. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full!
