The Players Who Could Leave Tottenham This Summer & Who the Club Want to Sign
Aug 8, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-transfer-targets-harry-kane-understudy
The coronavirus pandemic may be putting a strain of club finances across the world, but Tottenham still have a number of ideas about what they'd like to achieve in the transfer window this summer. A Europa League spot is in the bag after a strong finish to the 2019/20 Premier League season, but head coach José Mourinho is blissfully aware that he can't rest on his laurels and expect his current crop of players to keep on delivering. Spurs need strength in depth, that much is obvious, but they also need to step up the quality of their squad. To achieve that, players need to come in and players most certainly need to leave. Danny Rose, Kyle Walker-Peters, Juan Foyth and Serge Aurier are four players named by the Evening Standard as potential departures, while a temporary move away on loan may be afforded to Oliver Skipp. The report adds that Ryan Sessegnon is unlikely to leave, despite speculation linking him with a loan move to Ajax, while their is a reluctance to let go of club-record signing Tanguy Ndombele.  The former Lyon star has battled fitness issues this season, and a rumoured falling out with Mourinho has been banded about in the media over recent months. But among fans, there's a feeling that he needs to be given more time to settle, owing to the competitive standard of the Premier League compared to Ligue 1, where he was previously plying his trade. In terms of incomings, an understudy for Harry Kane (where have we heard that before?) is said to be on the club's agenda, as is finding a new right-back to challenge or potentially replace Aurier.  Atalanta defender Timothy Castagne has been linked and is said to be keen on a move, and Bournemouth duo Callum Wilson and David Brooks are also touted as potential targets. Spurs are already close to signing Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg from Southampton for a fee that could eventually rise to £25m, while 90min understands the club are confident of completing a deal for Beijing Guoan's Kim-min Jae.
