Barcelona transfer rumours: Brozovic swap deal planned; Dembele dismisses PSG
Jun 17, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/barcelona-transfer-rumours-brozovic-swap-deal-planned-dembele-dismisses-psg-17-6-23
90min rounds up the latest Barcelona transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Xavi is prepared to send midfielder Franck Kessie to Inter as part of a swap deal to sign Croatia international Marcelo Brozovic. (SPORT) But Barcelona could end up keeping Kessie and would be prepared to do so if they do not receive offers which value the Ivorian at €35m. (SPORT) Talks with Inter have also led to interest in centre-back Eric Garcia, whose €10m price tag is seen as too high for the Serie A side. (SPORT) Bayer Leverkusen centre-back Edmond Tapsoba was spotted at Barcelona's training ground on Saturday morning. The 24-year-old is represented by Deco. (Soc Blaugrana) Barcelona's first meeting with Athletico Paranaense over young striker Vitor Roque ended without an agreement over a transfer, but talks will resume next week. (Mundo Deportivo) Xavi remains determined to sign Real Sociedad midfielder Martin Zubimendi despite the Real Sociedad star suggesting he would rather stay with his current club. (Mundo Deportivo) feed Ousmane Dembele has shut down reports of a move to PSG, admitting: "I don’t know why there was so much talk of PSG. It must be because it’s a French team, but there wasn’t nor is there currently anything with them." (Marca) Joao Cancelo would prefer to join Real Madrid over Barcelona this summer if he leaves Manchester City. (Abendzeitung) Tottenham still want to sign Clement Lenglet permanently despite allowing his loan deal to expire, and Barcelona are ready to sell for just £5m. (SPORT) Xavi is happy to keep winger Ez Abde around next season after being impressed with his form on loan with Osasuna. (SPORT) Barcelona have a 20% sell-on clause for Nice centre-back Jean-Clair Todibo and are expecting to pocket at least €10m if he is sold this summer. (Mundo Deportivo)
