Thomas Tuchel provides update on futures of Christian Pulisic & Olivier Giroud 
Feb 22, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/christian-pulisic-olivier-giroud-future-updates
Thomas Tuchel has provided updates on the futures of Christian Pulisic and Olivier Giroud, with the former yet to start a Premier League match since Tuchel's arrival and the latter out of contract in the summer. Pulisic has struggled with his fitness since joining the Blues ahead of the 2019/20 season, often featuring in short bursts before being briefly sidelined through injury.  The boy is back in squad training! ? @cpulisic_10 pic.twitter.com/MRE4SdNidg The USA international's contract at Stamford Bridge runs until 2024, and Tuchel insists he is part of his long-term plans in west London. "It’s not only my point of view, we have to see. But for me, clearly yes,” Tuchel said (via the Evening Standard. “Chelsea bought Christian for a reason - for his quality, for his potential and it’s our job to bring out the best in him. “He proved in many weeks that he has the level to be a Chelsea regular player, to have a big impact at this club and it’s a challenge now to maintain the level and to keep improving." Giroud, meanwhile, has often been used shrewdly but sporadically at Chelsea, but has started three of Tuchel's first five Premier League games in charge. He has less than six months remaining on his contract, and although Tuchel emphasised the forward's importance, he admitted that it is 'too soon' to make a decision on his future. “No decision has been made because it’s too soon to make these decisions, too soon in the season,” the Chelsea boss added. “I don’t have enough time to make these decisions because I just started three weeks ago, and we need more time to get to know the group better and better. "Everybody deserves more time to show their value to the group. What I can say until now is that I am super happy that he is here. And right now he plays a key role in this squad, where a lot of young offensive players play.
