Arnaut Danjuma's potential shirt number at Tottenham
Jan 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/arnaut-danjuma-potential-shirt-number-at-tottenham
After saying thanks, but no thanks to a desperate Everton, Arnaut Danjuma is poised to join Tottenham on loan after the Lilywhites hijacked his move to Goodison Park. Spurs shouldn't feel good about what they've done given the Toffees' desperation, but hey, remember what rapper and part-time philosopher Future said: "It's an evil world we live in". He truly is the Friedrich Nietzsche of our time. On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss some of the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Anyway, back to Danjuma. His move to Spurs, as was the case with Everton, is all but done. While his season thus far has been quiet following the departure of Unai Emery, the Dutchman showcased last term that he could be a massive help to Conte's side during the second half of the campaign, especially with Son Heung-min woefully out of sorts. But there are more trivial matters to consider first, including what shirt number the 25-year-old will wear. We can only speculate as his arrival hasn't been made official, but here are some possibilities. Look, no one wants to be number 16, but Danjuma's options are limited. Richarlison took the number nine shirt in the summer, while Bryan Gil currently dons number 11 on his back. Son Heung-min, meanwhile, is the club's number seven. Danjuma previously wore number 15 at Villarreal, but Eric Dier is Spurs' current incumbent. Thus, the next best thing is #16. Unlucky number 13, right? No one wants to wear that!  Well, with Danjuma's options limited, he might opt for the shirt number he briefly wore for PSV Eindhoven's under-19s during the 2015/16 season. This shirt was donned masterfully by Christian Eriksen during the club's most successful period in their modern history.  The Dane captured the hearts and minds of Spurs supporters during his majestic stint as chief creator, and the club have failed to replace his genius since he departed in 2020. Steven Bergwijn took Eriksen's shirt when he joined the club, but the Dutchman left for Ajax in the summer meaning #23 is available to Danjuma. 
