Joan Laporta confirms how much salary Barcelona plan to cut in 2023
Feb 9, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/joan-laporta-confirms-how-much-salary-barcelona-plan-to-cut-in-2023
Barcelona president Joan Laporta has admitted the club are planning to offload another €70m in wages in the summer transfer window. The Blaugrana's financial struggled are well-documented, with their high wages seeing them fall foul of La Liga's salary cap rules on a number of occasions in the past. They were blocked from making any permanent signings during the January transfer window and face a battle to free up enough money to put their ambitious plans into action once the end of the season arrives. "It is difficult for us to register players due to the salary limit and the regulations," Laporta admitted. "La Liga sets limits based on clubs' accounts, and in the case of Barcelona, we inherited a limit exceeded by millions and millions. "There are contracts that were increased, it was exceeded by between €300m and €350m. A titanic effort has been made. As of today, we have reduced it by €100m and we hope to reach €175m in the summer, while also keeping a competitive team. The levers helped that. "As we continue with a salary that exceeds the limit, it costs the club and La Liga sets more restrictive regulations. With these regulations and the levers, we have registered players with a titanic effort, but La Liga has been changing the regulations so that we cannot do these operations. Every time we overcome an obstacle, La Liga changes the norm for us." Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth to wrap up the January transfer window and discuss Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo, Marcel Sabitzer, Hakim Ziyech's failed PSG move and more! If you can't see this embed, click here to watch the episode! Just how Barcelona will trim that salary is unclear. In terms of expiring contracts, Sergi Roberto is reported to be close to signing an extension, while a decision must be made on veteran midfielder Sergio Busquets.
