Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid agree Bellingham fee; Kante offered to Barcelona
May 26, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-agree-bellingham-fee-kante-barcelona-26-5-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid have agreed a deal worth an initial €100m plus bonuses for Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham, with the transfer set to be made official following the conclusion of the Bundesliga season. (Marca) Also heading to Real Madrid could be Tottenham striker Harry Kane. Los Blancos have been offered the chance to sign the Englishman in a player-plus-cash deal which would see Eden Hazard move in the opposite direction. (Cadena SER) Manchester United are monitoring Leeds United midfielder Tyler Adams, who could leave Elland Road if the Yorkshire outfit are relegated. (Football Insider) Chelsea have offered to pay more than the €60m release clause of Sporting CP midfielder Manuel Ugarte in an attempt to beat Paris Saint-Germain to his signature. The Uruguay international would prefer a move to the Premier League. (Record) A fee of €65m has been agreed between Chelsea and Sporting, with Ugarte also agreeing the terms of a six-year contract. A transfer is 'very close'. (Sport 890) manual Chelsea and Liverpool are keeping tabs on Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia but the Belgian's former employers, Manchester City, are not in the running to re-sign him, despite holding a buy-back clause. (The Times) Leaving Chelsea could be N'Golo Kante. The French midfielder has been offered to Barcelona as they look to replace Sergio Busquets, but the La Liga side are focused on signing Martin Zubimendi of Real Sociedad instead. (Gerard Romero) Manchester United are closing in on a deal to sign Bayer Leverkusen right-back Jeremie Frimpong, with the two clubs in advanced talks over a £50m transfer. (Bild) Liverpool want to sign a new right-back of their own this summer and have made contact with Bayern Munich over Benjamin Pavard, who is approaching the final 12 months of his contract. (Kicker) With his contract set to expire next month, Reiss Nelson has agreed the terms of a new four-year deal to stay at Arsenal. (The Athletic)
