WATCH: Jack Grealish begs Bernardo Silva to snub Barcelona & PSG interest
Jun 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/jack-grealish-begs-bernardo-silva-snub-barcelona-psg-interest
Manchester City winger Jack Grealish has pleaded with teammate Bernardo Silva to stay at the Etihad Stadium this summer. 90min understands that Silva has once again made it clear to City that he would like to leave the club this summer, and Pep Guardiola is happy to take his usual stance of allowing any unsettled player to leave for the right price. A fee of around £75m is expected to be enough to convince City to sell, which may rule long-term suitors Barcelona out of the race. Silva is thought to be prioritising a move to Camp Nou but may be forced to accept an alternative landing spot, with Paris Saint-Germain also in the race. In the meantime, Silva has been celebrating his role in City's famous treble victory alongside social media superstar Grealish, whose celebrations have been just as entertaining as any of the football City played this season. It was during one of these parties that Grealish was seen praying for Silva to stay at the club, appearing to shout 'please don't go' at his teammate. "Please don't go" 🙏Jack Grealish begging Bernardo Silva to stay 😅 pic.twitter.com/aJJbZAYTuR Grealish later admitted: "There's one person in this team that I absolutely adore, and he looks homeless. His name is Bernardo Silva." Silva, who still has two years remaining on his contract, confessed after the Champions League final that he was still in the dark over where he would be playing his football next season. "Honestly, I don’t know," he told Telefoot. "We’ll see what happens in the next few weeks and months." PSG may be forced to ramp up their interest in Silva following the revelation that Kylian Mbappe could leave this summer. The 24-year-old has made it clear he does not plan to extend his contract into 2025 and therefore has just 12 months remaining on his current deal. It leaves PSG forced to consider a sale in the coming months before running the risk of losing perhaps the most valuable player on the planet for free next year.
