Liverpool transfer rumours: Salah linked to Al Hilal; Valverde bid submitted
Jun 13, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/liverpool-transfer-rumours-salah-linked-al-hilal-valverde-bid-submitted-13-6-23
90min rounds up the latest Liverpool transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool have submitted a second offer worth €80m plus add-ons for Real Madrid midfielder Federico Valverde. The La Liga giants previously turned down a bid of €60m for the Uruguayan. (El Nacional) Saudi Pro League moneybags Al Hilal have not put forward an offer for Mohamed Salah despite being linked with the 30-year-old. (Rudy Galetti) Liverpool defensive target Jurrien Timber has admitted that he's "not sure" about his future at Ajax. The 21-year-old can play at either centre-back or on the right side of defence. (Vandaag Inside) Alongside Real Madrid, the Reds are the other 'great candidate' to sign Kylian Mbappe after his desire to leave Paris Saint-Germain was made public. (Marca) The future of Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga remains undecided amid continued interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs. Liverpool extensively scouted the young Spaniard during 2022/23 and he has an appealing release clause of just €40m. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Former Liverpool midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be handed a Premier League lifeline by Unai Emery at Aston Villa - they can offer Europa Conference League football next season after finishing 7th in the Premier League. (Liverpool Echo) Arthur Melo wants to have another go at playing in the Premier League after failing to make an appearance in the competition during his doomed Liverpool loan spell. The Brazilian's time at Anfield was ruined by a catalogue of injuries. (Mirror) Liverpool are not in the running to sign Bayern Munich defender Benjamin Pavard, The Reds are focused on midfield reinforcements before looking at any other areas. (Football Insider) Interest remains in Chelsea centre-back Levi Colwill despite the Blues stressing earlier this summer that the defender is not for sale. (Liverpool Echo)
