Cristiano Ronaldo continues push for Man Utd exit - Anthony Martial to stay
Jul 22, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/cristiano-ronaldo-continues-push-for-man-utd-exit-anthony-martial-to-stay
Manchester United have decided to keep Anthony Martial for the upcoming campaign after the French forward impressed in the early weeks of pre-season under Erik ten Hag. Martial, now 26, left United on loan for Sevilla in January 2022 after losing his place in the Red Devils team last season following Cristiano Ronaldo's arrival. Martial endured a miserable spell in Spain, scoring only once in a Europa League game. United have been open to selling Martial in the past due to his patchy form, high earnings and at times high value, but he is one player who has impressed since the arrival of the new manager. Martial has looked a willing runner, energetic and sharp in United's pre-season outings so far, scoring three times in three games. He looks in line to start the Premier League opener against Brighton as United's first choice striker due to his form, as well as the continued absence of Ronaldo - who has not yet rejoined the squad since the end of last season. Ronaldo has been excused from the tour of Thailand and Australia on personal grounds, but the position of the player and his representatives remains clear - that Ronaldo still wants to leave Old Trafford. Jorge Mendes has been exploring possible options to take Ronaldo back to a club in the Champions League - links with Bayern Munich and Chelsea have existed in past weeks - while a move Atletico Madrid has also been suggested more recently. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea finally closing in on Jules Kounde, Man Utd's ongoing pursuit of Frenkie de Jong, West Ham's hunt for a new forward and left-back and more. Available on all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! It is not yet known when Ronaldo will return to United if a move doesn't materialise in the coming weeks, though 90min understands he will not refuse to play if called upon when the league restarts.
