Football transfer rumours: Man Utd hold Amrabat talks; Barcelona make Torres decision
Jul 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-man-utd-amrabat-barcelona-torres-decision-11-7-23
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United have opened talks with Fiorentina over a deal for central midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, who starred for Morocco at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. (Sky Germany) United have set a £50m asking price for captain Harry Maguire, who remains behind Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez in the centre-back's pecking order. (Manchester Evening News) Barcelona are looking to loan out Ferran Torres in a deal which would also include an option to buy. The Spaniard hopes to convince Xavi that he should be in his first-team plans but the club need to manage their delicate finances. (SPORT) Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba will turn down a move to the Saudi Pro League because he wants to boost his chances of making France's Euro 2024 squad. (L'Equipe) Real Madrid want to replace Brazil-bound Carlo Ancelotti with Bayer Leverkusen boss Xabi Alonso at the end of the 2023/24 season. (Laola1) Harry Kane may be offered a new contract worth £400,000-a-week by Tottenham, with Ange Postecoglou tasked with convincing the 29-year-old that staying at the club is in his best interests. (Telegraph) Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech has rejected Al Nassr's revised contract offer which would have cut his £13m-a-year salary by 40%. The 30-year-old had agreed terms but problems with his knee and hip came to light during a medical. (CBS Sports) manual Andre Onana's move to Manchester United is advanced and will be completed upon the agreement of personal terms. (Mail) Al Hilal have told Manchester City they will pay £60m for Portuguese midfielder Bernardo Silva. (CBS Sports) Arsenal are keeping tabs on 23-year-old Gremio midfielder Bitello, who can play both centrally and out on the right wing. (Potal Do Gremista) Chelsea have enquired about the availability of Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic, who is thought to be valued at just shy of £70m. (Alfredo Pedulla) Paris Saint-Germain are now leading the charge for Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani, who has also been of interest to Manchester United, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. (Independent) Tottenham are confident they can agree a deal of just £25m for Wolfsburg central defender Micky van de Ven. (Mirror)
