Said Benrahma Latest as West Ham Deal Stalls & Crystal Palace Re-Enter Race
Oct 13, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/said-benrahma-transfer-latest-west-ham-stalls-crystal-palace-enter-race
Brentford forward Said Benrahma's proposed move to West Ham has stalled due to a disagreement between the player and his current club. However, reports conflict as to whether the deal is still likely to go through.  The 25-year-old was one of the Championship's standout performers in 2019/20, and was a part of the Bees' impressive 'BMW' front three. Benrahma managed 17 goals and provided nine assists in 43 league games, with his performances helping take his side to within one step of the Premier League.  However, Brentford's failure to gain promotion has seen a number of clubs show an interest in signing the winger during the transfer window. 90min recently learned that West Ham moved to the front of the queue after they submitted an offer of £17m plus add-ons for his services. The Hammers have been able to agree a fee of around £30m (add-ons included) for Benrahma, although personal terms still needed to be discussed.  West Ham have agreed a £30m fee with Brentford for winger Said Benrahma. ✍️ Despite the positive negotiations, the Mirror have reported that Benrahma's proposed move to east London is in 'danger' of collapsing. He made contact with Brentford co-director of football Phil Giles over the weekend to 'make his position clear' with regards to the transfer, but it now 'appears' to have fallen through.  Despite this, the report claims West Ham are relaxed about the situation, and instead are ready to focus on the signing of priority target Josh King of Bournemouth. In fact, David Moyes is said to be more interested in signing the £18m-rated Norwegian than Benrahma. With West Ham struggling to get the deal over the line, this could see Crystal Palace re-enter the race as they remain interested. 90min learned during the middle of September that Palace had made an approach to loan the player for the 2020/21 season, with an obligation to buy him next summer. However, Benrahma himself wasn't certain over joining the Eagles.  The Guardian, however, are reporting that while there have been 'complications' regarding West Ham's efforts to sign Benrahma, the club remain 'confident' they will land him. In fact, the Hammers are hopeful he will be able to undergo his medical on Wednesday. 
