Real Madrid interested in Man City's Phil Foden amid playing time concerns
Dec 27, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-interested-man-city-phil-foden
Real Madrid have been linked with a move for Manchester City starlet Phil Foden, with the Spanish champions prepared to 'take advantage' of the youngster's fading role at the Etihad.   Foden is a favourite of Pep Guardiola's but has had to wait patiently for his chances under the former Barcelona boss. He started this season strongly, with successive starts against Wolves, Leicester, Leeds and Arsenal, yet has started just one of the ten Premier League matches since.  He has been a fixture of City's Champions League campaign and starred in Tuesday's EFL Cup rout over Arsenal. He managed a brief cameo from the bench against Newcastle on Boxing Day, however, and The Mirror claim that 'frustration is beginning to grow' about his lack of involvement.  Semi Finals!!!! pic.twitter.com/B27KR6JiTW In an exclusive report, they say that Real Madrid are keeping a watchful eye on the 20-year-old, and are increasingly confident that they could lure him to Spain. They see him as a prodigious talent in keeping with their strategy of nurturing the best young players on the planet, and would hope for a Jadon Sancho-esque rise to prominence were they to secure him. Foden did extend his contract until 2024 earlier this season, however, and is seen as a big part of Guardiola's plans going forward. He won't be an easy acquisition: certainly not if his manager's glowing assessment on Boxing Day is to be taken at face value.  "He can score a lot of goals. He has an incredible shot. He arrives late. The last part... it is something we don't have. We love this guy. He has everything to be really special," he said.  "I want the best for him and if he has the desire to do it, he will get there for sure. "Phil wants to beat the world, he wants to beat the world and he wants to be important. He has an incredible energy when he has started, but in the final decision, in the final pass, he has to slow down a little bit.
