Manchester City agree deal to sign Fluminense wonderkid Kayky
Apr 23, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/manchester-city-agree-transfer-fluminense-kayky-metinho
Manchester City have reached an official agreement for Fluminense youngster Kayky, who will join up with his new squad at the end of the Brazilian season.  The 17-year-old forward has been impressing for Flu's youth team this season and was a runner-up in the Brazil Under-17 Cup recently.  We are delighted to confirm we have reached an agreement with Fluminese regarding the future transfer of Kayky. The teenage forward will remain with Fluminese until the end of the Brazilian season.? #ManCity | https://t.co/axa0klD5re Kayky has not yet made an appearances for the senior side, but that has not stopped him from attracting attention from a host of top European clubs, including Shakhtar Donetsk and Liverpool as well as City.  City confirmed the deal on Friday with a short statement, which reads: "We are delighted to confirm we have reached an agreement with Fluminense regarding the future transfer of Kayky. The teenage forward will remain with Fluminense until the end of the Brazilian season." According to Brazilian outlet Globo, City have will also sign Kayky's teammate, Metinho. The initial, combined value of these deals is thought to be around €15m, with €10m of that being for Kayky.  Add-on clauses could see that increase to €30m if various performances bonuses are met. Flu will also be entitled to a percentage of any future sales of the youngsters.  CFG have agreed an initial €15m deal [potentially rising to €30m+ in bonuses] with Fluminense for Kayky (17/FWD) and Metinho (17/MDF) – the players will not leave Brazil until 2022. Fluminense are entitled to a percentage of future sale for each player.[via @geglobo] pic.twitter.com/CkD7PPtUtz As the players are not yet 18, transfer rules restrict them from linking up with their teammates until 2022. Metinho is likely to wait slightly longer, with the midifielder being earmarked from an immediate loan move to Troyes, who became part of the City Football Group back in September 2020.
