Transfer news LIVE: Mbappe latest, Martial row 'resolved'
Jan 18, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/january-transfer-news-live-20220118
Welcome to the 90min Tuesday live transfer blog – the place that will keep you up to date with the breaking news throughout the day. We're over halfway through the January window now, but only a handful of high profile deals have been completed thus far as clubs look to either hold on to or extract maximum value from players they let go. Ferran Torres, Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne are the windows big movers to date, but expect plenty of late business to keep us entertained right up until deadline day. For now, follow the live blog below to get all the latest news. Thanks for following our live blog today! We hope you've enjoyed yourself! Check back tomorrow for more transfer news. Here's an interesting one from The Sun (surprisingly). The tabloid are reporting that Inter Miami are keen to sign Luis Saurez as one of their Designated Players this January.  Suarez and Higuain up top? A true dream 2013 strike force.  According to Fichajes, Arsenal are eyeing a move for Sergi Roberto. The full-back/midfielder is out of contract at the end of the season and looks all set to leave Camp Nou in the near future.  Barcelona really are dominating the live blog today. Sport are reporting that Chelsea, Liverpool, Man City and Bayern Munich are are keeping an eye on Gavi's current situation at Barca.  The Catalan club are keen to tie the youngster down long-term, and all indications are that they will be able to do so.  How surprising you ask?  Well they've been linked with a loan move for Japhet Tanganga...of all people.  According to Sky Sports, Milan are interested in the defender due to their recent injury woes in defence - with Fikayo Tomori and Simon Kjaer out injured.  Juve's Maurizio Arrivabene has all but ruled out a move for Martial this January, saying the following before the club's Coppa Italia clash with Sampdoria:  "With current conditions it's not a feasible deal for us. Considering certain numbers, there are no advanced talks - we don't expect any discount from Man United." The Athletic are reporting that Red Bull Salzburg have rejected Leeds' £15m bid for American forward Brenden Aaronson. Aaronson has impressed since moving to Austria from Philadelphia Union last January, scoring 10 goals in all competitions and would be a great signing for Leeds who, well, just badly need footballers.  It turns out that PSG really, really, really don't want to keep Kurzawa.  Last week it was reported that the Parisiens had offered the full-back to Chelsea, and now (according to RTL's Baptiste Duriex) he has now been offered to Man City as some much needed cover at the back.  Bissouma is wanted man this January. And for good reason - he's an incredible midfielder. Arsenal, Aston Villa and Newcastle are all credited with an interest in the Brighton star, and RTL journalist Fabrice Hawkins has reported that the player has been the subject of 'several offers' in January.  It's unclear whether or not any of these offers were anywhere near the 'exceptional' one Brighton need to let go of Bissouma. Yep, more Barcelona news.  According to Sport, Wolves are interested in signing Riqui Puig on loan following the youngster's ostracisation from the Barca squad.  Ousmane Dembele's agent, Moussa Sissoko (no, not that one), has lashed out at Barcelona following their failure to negotiate a new contract with the player.  Speaking to RMC Sport, he said:  “They’re putting the pressure on, but it doesn’t work with people like us. Maybe it works with agents who are close to Barcelona. That’s not the case with me, I’m here to defend my player’s interests,” he said. “We’re not here to react to debates on social media, but the truth has to be said. Yes, we have high demands, but we’ve shown in the past that Ousmane’s career choices are not dictated by money, else he wouldn’t be here.  "Then, if Barcelona wanted to negotiate, they could have come to the table with us to talk. Except there are no discussions and there are threats coming from them that he won’t play. That’s not allowed. We will exercise Ousmane Dembélé’s rights if necessary." Aston Villa is pleased to confirm the signing of Robin Olsen on loan until the end of the season. ✍️ Aston Villa have announced the loan signing of Robin Olsen from AS Roma.  Their club statement on the signing reads: "Aston Villa is pleased to confirm the signing of Robin Olsen on loan until the end of the season. "The 32-year-old goalkeeper joins Villa from Roma having spent the first part of the campaign on loan at Sheffield United. "An experienced shot-stopper, Olsen has played in Serie A, the Premier League, the Champions League and has also represented Sweden at the World Cup." Yes, up until a few minutes ago Kolasinac was actually still an Arsenal player.  He's not anymore though, as he's joined Marseille, signing an 18-month contract with the Ligue 1 club.  Everton have confirmed that Duncan Ferguson will take charge of the club as caretaker manager following Rafa Benitez's sacking.  90min understand that Ferguson wants to be considered by the club for the full-time managerial role.  Perhaps a bit of an audition until the rest of the season?  Barcelona are one of the *checks notes* trillion football clubs linked with a move for Erling Haaland, but just in case they can't sign the BVB superstar (because they have no money) the club have an alternative option on their radar. That 'alternative option' is, according to Sport, Alexander Isak. The Swedish forward has long be linked with a move to Arsenal, but could opt for a La Liga stay if Barca are serious about bringing him to Camp Nou.  There remains plenty of speculation over Kylian Mbappe's future. The Frenchman has been widely tipped to join Real Madrid during the past few years and came incredibly close to making the switch late in the summer window. He still hasn't signed an extension, but ESPN report Paris Saint-Germain are 'growing confident' that Mbappe will put pen to paper on fresh terms. Santos have confirmed they have settled a dispute with Barcelona by giving the Catalans first dibs on young stars Angelo and Kaiky. It's a quarrel that involves Gabigol and Neymar, and you can check the story out in more detail here. Hector Bellerin has revealed being away from his family during lockdown led to his decision to ask to leave Arsenal. You can read more on that story here. PS Eredivisie giants PSV Eindhoven have made an approach for Liverpool defender Nat Phillips, Football Insider claim. The centre back enjoyed plenty of game time last season due to the Reds' catastrophic injury issues, but with Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip playing regularly again with the likes of Ibrahima Konate and Joe Gomez in reserve, Phillips' opportunities this term have been slim. Tottenham have been linked with a number of players this window but they are yet to bring anyone in. That lack of activity appears to have irked manager Antonio Conte, as he has urged those above him to "do something". He said: "I know that the transfer window in January is always very difficult and it is more simple when you start the season to buy important players. In January it is not easy, but at the same time we know very well that if there is the opportunity and also if it's not the best opportunity, but we need to do something." Everton are working hard to find a successor to Rafa Benitez, but 90min understands that club legend Duncan Ferguson wants to be considered for the role on a permanent basis. The Scot is in caretaker charge once more after Benitez's departure, but this time round wants the club's hierarchy to place their faith in long-term. The players are also keen for him to be given a go. More on that here. Brentford boss Thomas Frank kept his cards close to his chest when asked about a possible move for Christian Eriksen. The Bees are understood to have offered him a six-month contract. "I can tell you Christian is a really good player, everyone knows he's a top Danish player. I've worked with him in the past, he needs to find a club. "I love to speak about players who are in-house, running around on our training pitch. I don't think I should discuss him - maybe I should discuss Messi and Ronaldo, but besides that I'm not talking about it too much." ESPN claim that PSG's bid to tie Kylian Mbappe could hinge on whether or not a summer move for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is successful. Mbappe is widely expected to leave for Real Madrid this summer, with his contract expiring in the summer, but PSG are yet to give up hope of convincing him to stay. Pogba's signing has been floated as a reason to stay, coupled with the possible arrival of Franck Kessie from Milan. Those signings, along with the appointment of Zinedine Zidane as boss, may persuade Mbappe that PSG are heading in the right direction and will regularly challenge for the Champions League. Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick says he considers the fallout with Anthony Martial to be "resolved" after meeting with the player. The German alleged that Martial had asked to be left out of the squad to face Aston Villa, which the 26-year-old swiftly denied in a post on social media. He's seeking regular first team football and has already made it known via his agent that he wishes to pursue a move away from Old Trafford. Confirming the pair had spoken, Rangnick said: "I had a conversation with him on Sunday. The matter is now resolved. "I mean, I'm here now for six weeks," he said "All the things that needed to be said, I said after the press conference. "He didn't train yesterday and the day before yesterday. He will probably train today and after training I will then take the decision if he is nominated or not [for the squad]. Let's see what will happen there." If you missed a round-up of all the morning's rumours, you can fill your boots here on the stories dominating Europe's headlines. West Ham's need to bring in a new central defender was evidenced by Sunday's 3-2 defeat to Leeds, and it appears the club are trying their best to strengthen. Kurt Zouma is closing on a return from injury but Sky Sports report that tabs are being kept on Fenerbahce's Attila Szalai. The 23-year-old is also of interest to Newcastle, no surprise there, while he's previously been tipped to join Chelsea. Barcelona may be in the depths of financial despair, but they are still making plans and tracking transfer targets in a bid to bolster Xavi's squad. One priority is thought to be cover for Jordi Alba at left-back. Five players have today been named as possible signings, including Manchester United full-back Alex Telles. Whether or not Barça move for him, or anybody else, could be dependent on Sergino Dest departing the club. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni has been on Chelsea's radar for a number of months, but the Blues have not been alone in their pursuit of the prodigal midfielder. Manchester United have also been keeping on the tabs on the 21-year-old, who has been earmarked as the future of French football. However, with alleged interest in Denis Zakaria and the aforementioned John McGinn occupying United, football.london state that Chelsea now have a free run to sign Tchouameni in the summer. 90min understands that Chelsea are favourites to land him but Monaco will demand big money. Christian Eriksen looks to be closing in on a return to the Premier League, with Brentford offering him a six-month contract following his release from Inter. But Dutch outlet Voetbal International have thrown a late spanner into the works, claiming PSV are interested in taking Eriksen to the Netherlands. The 29-year-old previously broke through at Ajax, spending five years at the club before joining Tottenham in 2013. Sticking with the letter Z, that brings us back around to Newcastle and their desire to bring in reinforcements up front. Hugo Ekitike is one of Eddie Howe's priorities but it's also been claimed that Atalanta striker Duvan Zapata is in the club's crosshairs. The likelihood of a sale would appear to be slim, however. Juventus' willingness to allow Arthur to join Arsenal on loan is largely dependant on an immediate replacement being sourced. One player that could fit the bill is Borussia Monchengladbach ace Denis Zakaria, who is out of contract at the end of the season. A number of teams want to wait and sign the Swiss on a free transfer, but Calciomercato suggest that Juve could make a move now. Gladbach have admitted they are open to a January sale, meaning Zakaria could be available for a relatively modest fee. Arsenal are trying to get a deal thrashed out with Fiorentina for striker Dusan Vlahovic, but the Serb is keen to wait until the summer before making a decision. That's the line from Sky Sports this morning, adding further weight to 90min's report on Saturday that Vlahovic will not be rushed on his future. Tottenham have confirmed the sale of promising attacking midfielder Dilan Markanday to Blackburn Rovers. The 20-year-old moves to Ewood Park on a permanent deal, and leaves Spurs after making one first team appearance as a substitute - away at Vitesse in the UEFA Conference League. Remember when Ajax left-back Nicolas Tagliafico was linked with a move to Chelsea and West Ham? Yeah, we do too - although at that time a move away from Amsterdam was ruled out. Five months later and everything has changed, including the interested parties. Marseille and Napoli are thought to be leading the chase for a loan deal, should reports in the Netherlands be accurate, ahead of Chelsea. Aston Villa are not concerned by Manchester United's interest in midfielder John McGinn and have no plans to sell him. The Scot is highly regarded by manager Steven Gerrard and will likely remain one of the first names on the Villa teamsheet as they aim to build a squad capable of challenging for European football. ?? 90??? ???????????... Aston Villa will not sell John McGinn amid Man Utd interest?‍?: @tomgott2 That's the claim from Spain this morning, even though Eduardo Camavinga only joined Real Madrid from Rennes in the summer. The 19-year-old was previously a target for Liverpool and ABC suggest that he's willing to make the move now after failing to settle at the Bernabeu. Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is no stranger to being linked with Manchester United, and his name has again come to light in the Italian press. The Red Devils are said to be 'leading the race' to sign the 26-year-old, although they face competition for his signature from Juventus and Inter. For what it's worth, Lazio are likely to demand in excess of €80m (£65m) if they are to consider selling.  Thanks to Il Messaggero for that one. Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea are said to be pursuing Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo, who is yet to sign a significant contract at Camp Nou. The Premier League trio's financial muscle could price financially troubled Barça out of a renewal, with any new contract likely to see Araujo healthily rewarded for his breakthrough. Newcastle United manager Eddie Howe wants the club to follow through and execute their ambitious January transfer plans. The Magpies have held countless meetings to outline their commitment to strengthening the squad, but are finding it hard to conclude deals for several targets. Kieran Trippier and Chris Wood are over the line, but moves for the likes of Diego Carlos and Hugo Ekitike are dragging their feet. Eddie Howe pushing hard for more Newcastle transfers before January deadline.✍️ @90min_football https://t.co/w33PEZrzjZ Brentford are hoping to wrap up deals for Championship duo Brennan Johnson and Keane Lewis-Potter before the end of the January transfer window.
