Newcastle Linked With Kai Havertz Transfer Because This Summer Is Very Silly
Jun 11, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/newcastle-kai-havertz-transfer-rumour
So we all know that Newcastle are hopeful of coming into a little bit of money in the near future. Their Saudi Arabia-backed takeover is close to completion (unless, of course, it isn't) so the transfer rumours are already going wild. We've had rubbish, unfounded rumours of bids for Kylian Mbappé and Neymar, and now we've got a link to Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz.  Because of many requests. True: Kai Havertz can imagine to play for @ChelseaFC. True: there are already talks. But: @ChelseaFC is not the one and only Club for Havertz @realmadrid @FCBarcelona @ManUtd @FCBayern @NUFC The latest update from Bild's Christian Falk touches on all the rumours surrounding Havertz. He talks about Chelsea's interest but insists that there is real competition from the rest of Europe's biggest sides. However, right at the end of his list of suitors, Falk casually drops '@NUFC' - Newcastle United. Really? Really? One of these things is not like the other. Newcastle United with bayern, Chelsea etc trying to buy havertz like... pic.twitter.com/JXjP4gFU3Y There's no doubting that Newcastle are going to have a pretty hefty transfer kitty to play with this summer if their takeover goes through. Affording a deal for Havertz is probably not outside the realm of possibility, but let's not get carried away just yet. Newcastle currently find themselves 13th in the Premier League, well away from qualifying for the Europa League (let alone the Champions League) and their record signing is a striker who has managed three goals in all competitions this year. You've got to give them credit for joining in the race for Havertz, but surely they've got a little way to go before they can really compete for his signature.  ↗️↗️↗️ A post shared by  Kai Havertz ?⚽️✌? (@kaihavertz29) on May 23, 2020 at 9:51am PDT Falk confirmed reports that Chelsea have already opened negotiations for the 21-year-old, who is expected to cost close to the £75m mark, and even adds that Havertz would be open to heading to Stamford Bridge.
