Football transfer rumours: Real Madrid consider Tchouameni sale; Liverpool eye Gallagher
Apr 3, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-real-madrid-consider-tchouameni-sale-liverpool-eye-gallagher-3-4-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid are prepared to consider offers for midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni this summer, having been disappointed by his struggle to hold down a regular starting spot. Bids of over €70m would be considered and Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United and PSG are all interested. (El Nacional) Dani Ceballos does not want to leave Real Madrid and has already rejected an advance from cross-town rivals Atletico Madrid. (The Athletic) Another player with an uncertain future in Madrid, Marco Asensio is a serious target for both Arsenal and AC Milan this summer. (Tuttomercatoweb) Liverpool are interested in signing Chelsea's Mason Mount this summer but would also be keen to bring Conor Gallagher to Anfield as well. (Independent) Chelsea are braced for a £90m bid from Real Madrid for right-back Reece James. (Football Insider) Tottenham will compete with West Ham United for the signing of Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech. (Jeunes Footeux) An exit from Manchester United is likely for centre-back Harry Maguire, who will be given the chance to re-join Leicester City on loan. (The Sun) READ NEXT manual Declan Rice is Arsenal's top target this summer and the Gunners are ready to lodge a £100m bid to win the race for the West Ham midfielder's signature. (Football Insider) The Gunners also face competition from Liverpool for Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder Jesper Lindstrom. (Sky Germany) Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae is open to offers from the Premier League this summer, with Tottenham long-time admirers of the South Korea international. (Calciomercato) A £90m bid from Manchester City would be enough to convince Barcelona to part ways with winger Ansu Fati. (Football Insider) Newcastle are leading the race to sign Leicester midfielder James Maddison in the summer. (Football Insider) LISTEN NOW
