Chelsea contact Tyler Adams representatives ahead of expected Leeds exit
Aug 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-contact-tyler-adams-representatives-leeds-exit
Chelsea have contacted the representatives of USA midfielder Tyler Adams over a possible move to Stamford Bridge, 90min understands. Adams played for the USMNT at the 2022 World Cup and was relegated with Leeds in his first season in the Premier League having joined from RB Leipzig for £15m. Adams suffered a hamstring injury in March and didn't add to his 24 league appearances thereafter. Leeds accepted they would likely lose Adams and international teammate Brenden Aaronson following their relegation to the Championship. Aaronson has since joined Union Berlin on loan, while Adams previously attracted interest from Newcastle. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea have now enquired over his availability. Adams has a release worth around £25m and the Blues believe the midfielder would slot in well in west London. Leeds expect the 24-year-old to leave Elland Road by the end of the month, with Chelsea not the only Premier League side interested. Tottenham, Liverpool, Manchester United, Brighton and Brentford are all keeping tabs on the situation. feed Adams was in attendance for Leeds' opening Championship game of the season against Cardiff on Sunday as his side rescued a 2-2 draw thanks to goals from Liam Cooper and Crysencio Summerville. Chelsea have signed exciting talent like Nicolas Jackson and Christopher Nkunku so far this window but are light in midfield after the departures of Mason Mount, N'Golo Kante and Ruben Loftus-Cheek. Rennes star Lesley Ugochukwu has recently joined the options at Mauricio Pochettino's disposal which include Enzo Fernandez, Conor Gallagher and Andrey Santos. Moises Caicedo is a high-profile target for Pochettino and Todd Boehly but no agreement with Brighton has been reached. The Ecuador international has a price tag of £100m and missed the Seagulls' final pre-season friendly of the summer against Rayo Vallecano on Sunday.
