Transfer rumours: Man Utd's De Jong bid; Nunez talks continue
Jun 11, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/transfer-rumours-man-utd-de-jong-bid-nunez-talks-continue
Manchester United have seen a €70m offer for Barcelona's Dutch midfielder Frenkie de Jong knocked back, although they are not far off the Blaugrana's valuation as talks continue. Liverpool are in negotiations with Benfica over Darwin Nunez but are trying to negotiate down from the Portuguese side's €80m plus add-ons valuation. Discussions are ongoing regarding the structure of the deal, but both clubs expect an agreement to be reached. Potentially outgoing Reds star Sadio Mane has held talks with Bayern Munich manager Julian Nagelsmann, with the Bavarian giants impressed by his willingness to join and flexibility in terms of positioning. Arsenal could target Leeds talisman Raphinha as a possible replacement for Nicolas Pepe, although there have been no official talks as yet. The Gunners are also planning a move for Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, who is also on Newcastle's radar. Chelsea are interested in signing Man City's England international Raheem Sterling, although they could face competition from La Liga big hitters Real Madrid and Barcelona. Tottenham have beaten Nottingham Forest to the signature of Middlesbrough full-back Djed Spence, with a deal agreed between the clubs. Forest could turn to Arsenal utility man Ainsley Maitland-Niles instead, and the Gunners are ready to sell. Meanwhile, Granit Xhaka has once again emerged as a target for Roma and Jose Mourinho. The Giallorossi have interest in left-back Nicola Zalewski from Borussia Dortmund, but they will turn down any offers that come their way. Dortmund are, however, confident of signing Hoffenheim full-back David Raum, who impressed for Germany against England recently. Paris Saint-Germain have made a €50m offer for Inter centre-back Milan Skriniar. The player is open to the move, but the Nerazzurri are demanding between €80m-€100m. Staying with Inter, the club are close to signing free agent Paulo Dybala on a contract until 2025. Paul Pogba is waiting to see whether Zinedine Zidane is appointed PSG's new coach before committing to joining Juventus on a free transfer. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Milan are working to find agreement with Lille to sign Portuguese midfielder Renato Sanches. The Serie A champions already have a verbal agreement with the player. However, the Rossoneri are set to abandon their pursuit of Sanches' Lille teammate Sven Botman as they do not want to pay over the odds or be drawn into a bidding war with newly-moneyed Newcastle.
