Man Utd enter Andre Onana talks with David de Gea exit increasingly likely
Jun 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/man-utd-andre-onana-talks-david-de-gea-exit
David de Gea is increasingly likely to leave Manchester United when his contract expires at the end of June, and the club are preparing for this possibility by pursuing a move for Inter's Andre Onana, 90min understands. The Red Devils are continuing negotiations with the Spaniard over a new deal having previously been close to an agreement on fresh terms. De Gea turned down a lucrative move to Saudi Arabia earlier in June in order to thrash out the formalities of a new contract at Old Trafford, but he is more likely than ever to leave United at the end of the month. 90min reported on Tuesday that United were actively looking at the goalkeeper market as talks with De Gea rumbled on, with Porto's Diogo Costa and Brentford's David Raya among their targets. Another name on their radar was Onana, who worked under manager Erik ten Hag at Ajax, and sources have revealed to 90min that the club have held talks with the player's camp in recent days. United have also been in touch with Inter and have been informed that it would take a total fee of €60m to get him out of San Siro this transfer window - Chelsea had previously been in talks with Inter over Onana but were put off by the asking price. feed If United follow through with a move for Onana, it would represent a drastic change of their summer transfer plans. They had banked on De Gea staying and then signing a cheaper alternative to challenge him for the starting spot, but if the 32-year-old departs then they will be forced to splash out on a ready-made replacement. 90min previously revealed that United had hoped young goalkeeper Matej Kovar would provide the needed competition for De Gea following an impressive loan spell at Sparta Prague. Sources have told 90min that United watched Empoli goalkeeper Guglielmo Vicario at points last season, but he is set to move to Premier League rivals Tottenham.
