Eduardo Camavinga arrives to be unveiled as Real Madrid player
Sep 8, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/real-madrid-transfer-news-eduardo-camavinga-arrives-unveiled
New Real Madrid signing Eduardo Camavinga has arrived in the Spanish capital to be officially unveiled, following his €40m transfer to Los Blancos from Rennes last week. Rennes agreed to sell Camavinga once they accepted the teenaged prodigy would not be signing a new contract and slashed their previous valuation from around €80m to make a sale happen. Real met the new asking price and a deal was completed on transfer deadline day. 18-year-old Camavinga then linked up with the France Under-21 squad for this month’s international break and played in back-to-back Euro qualifiers against North Macedonia and Faroe Islands, before touching down in Madrid on Tuesday night. Journalist Fabrizio Romano shared an image of the young talent immediately after stepping down from the private jet. The club have also since confirmed that Camavinga will be officially unveiled at Valdebebas at Wednesday lunchtime, followed by a press conference. 90min explained last October that Real have eyes on a triple swoop of French players. The plan was initially former coach Zinedine Zidane’s, having repeatedly asked the club hierarchy to sign Kylian Mbappe, Paul Pogba and N’Golo Kante. Camavinga eventually replaced the latter in the plan. Camavinga is  now through the door on a long-term contract until 2027, while both Mbappe and Pogba are both in the final year of their current deals with their respective clubs. ? EXCL: Eduardo Camavinga arriving in Madrid tonight - together with his agent - in order to be presented as new Real Madrid player in the next hours. Contract until June 2027 and move completed on DeadlineDay. #RealMadrid #Camavinga…here we go! @Camavinga ⤵️??? pic.twitter.com/RYWWS0cOpm Real were unsuccessful with their attempts to buy Mbappe on transfer deadline day, with PSG unwilling to engage in talks. But Los Blancos could yet land the 22-year-old World Cup winner as a free agent at the end of the season if he refuses to extend his deal in Paris.
