Football transfer rumours: Mbappe's contract clause; Premier League trio hold Fati talks
Feb 11, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/football-transfer-rumours-mbappe-contract-clause-premier-league-fati-11-2-2023
90min rounds up the latest transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Kylian Mbappe remains interested in a move to Real Madrid from PSG, and could make the switch for free in 2024 - a one-year extension clause in his contract can only be triggered with his consent. (The Athletic) Chelsea will attempt to sell fringe members of their huge squad this summer, with the likes of Christian Pulisic, Hakim Ziyech and Romelu Lukaku - who's still on loan at Inter - among the players at risk of leaving. (ESPN) Thomas Frank has placed a £40m price tag on David Raya after admitting that the goalkeeper has turned down two recent contract offers from Brentford. The Spain stopper has been linked to the likes of Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham. (Hayters) Tottenham are keeping an eye on Leicester City star James Maddison, with assistant coach Cristian Stellini revealing his admiration of the midfielder prior to their meeting on Saturday. Manchester City and Newcastle United have also been linked with the England international. (Daily Mirror) Graham Potter has insisted that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang can still work his way back into the Chelsea fold despite his recent squad omissions. The Gabonese striker is a target for MLS champions LAFC but has no interest in a move to the USA. (Daily Telegraph) Listen now as Scott Saunders hosts Graeme Bailey and Toby Cudworth to wrap up the January transfer window and discuss Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo, Marcel Sabitzer, Hakim Ziyech's failed PSG move and more! If you can't see this embed, click here to watch the episode! Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United have held talks with the agent of Ansu Fati, who has been heavily linked with a move away from Barcelona for financial reasons in recent months. (Fabrizio Romano)
