Felipe Anderson Considering West Ham Future Amid Serie A Return Rumours
Aug 21, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/felipe-anderson-considering-future-west-ham-transfer
Brazil international Felipe Anderson is understood to be keen on sealing a move away from West Ham this summer. The 27-year old has fallen down the pecking order at the Hammers, with manager David Moyes handing him just four Premier League starts since taking over in December. 90min recently learned that West Ham have told some of the club's top earners that they can leave, due to the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic. Club record signing Sebastien Haller is among those transfer listed - as is Argentine midfielder Manuel Lanzini - while Anderson is another who can depart the London Stadium. Now, The Sun say that Anderson is accepting of the fact that he may need to leave the club this summer, for footballing reasons as well as financial.  Clubs in Italy, France, and Spain are all thought to be interested in acquiring his services, now that Jarrod Bowen and Pablo Fornals have usurped the Brazilian in the first-team pecking order. Anderson arrived at the London Stadium from Lazio in July 2018 for a then-record fee of £35m, and made an encouraging start to life with the Hammers. However, he went off the boil last season, and scored just once in the 28 appearances he made in all competitions. Reports suggest that former club Lazio could be set to swoop for the winger, having missed out on the signing of David Silva, who joined Real Sociedad instead. However, it is thought that the Serie A giants are unwilling to pay more than half of what they received for Anderson two years ago.  As for Anderson's teammates, they too may find it hard to seal a move away from West Ham because of their high weekly wages. Both Haller and Lanzini are among the club's highest earners, and convincing a side to pay circa £100,000-per-week - as well as a transfer fee - is a tough ask in a transfer market significantly affected by a drop in revenues at clubs around the world.
