Premier League clubs interested in Ecuador starlet Kendry Paez
Feb 15, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/premier-league-clubs-interested-in-ecuador-starlet-kendry-paez
Ecuadorian teenager Kendry Paez is emerging as one of the most in-demand talents in South America, but his club Independiente del Valle are not looking to sell their prized asset, 90min understands. The 15-year-old midfielder was the star of last year’s Next Generation Trophy hosted by Red Bull in Salzburg where Independiente made the final, and his performances at the tournament caught the eye of a number of clubs.  Since then, Independiente have ben inundated with interest. Sources close to the club have confirmed that they have already turned down offers, with one of the clubs understood to have bid being Chelsea. 90min understands that a host of Premier League clubs - up to a dozen - are interested. Along with Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Newcastle are believed to have spoken to Paez's representatives to register their interest. We can confirm that Brighton - who are obviously well versed in the Ecuador market - are also keeping tabs on the player's progress. Paez is very much on the radar of clubs throughout Europe too with Real Madrid, Barcelona, Sevilla, Paris Saint-Germain, Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund, Bayer Leverkusen, RB Leipzeig, Inter and Atalanta all watching him in the last six months. Paez is seen as Ecuador’s next big hope, following in the footsteps of one-time Independiente star Moises Caicedo – currently seen as one of the Premier League best young midfielders. Caicedo himself was wanted by some of the world’s biggest clubs before opting to join Brighton.  On this edition of Talking Transfers, part of the 90min podcast network, Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth discuss the Premier League's managerial merry-go-round with the latest on the situations at Leeds United and Southampton. Also on the agenda, Man Utd contract talks, Mason Mount's future, Andrey Santos & more!  If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Now Paez is likely to have a similar decision, although Independiente won’t be accepting the £4.5m they took for Caicedo back in 2021 – indeed it is understood the offers that have come in so far have been for for more than twice that price.
