Tottenham reject Bayern Munich record bid for Harry Kane
Aug 7, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/tottenham-reject-bayern-munich-record-bid-harry-kane
Tottenham have turned down Bayern Munich’s club record transfer bid for Harry Kane, sources have confirmed to 90min. Bayern have been keen on landing Kane ever since Robert Lewandowski joined Barcelona last summer. They had already seen two offers rejected by Tottenham earlier this summer, but left a recent meeting between club representatives feeling optimistic about a deal being struck, before then entering their third bid worth €100m (£86m). That figure was both a record for Bayern, far exceeding what they paid for Lucas Hernandez in 2019, as well as Tottenham, who sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for £85m in 2013. Despite Bayern wanting a quick decision from Spurs, the Premier League side took their time in relaying a response. 90min understands that the answer has been given and it remains “no”. Bayern had made it clear that it was their best and final offer, but are currently considering whether or not to return with a fourth proposal for the England captain. feed Although optimistic at the start of August, Bayern have also started to weigh up other options once more. One alternative is Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic, who has already asked for a transfer this summer following a sub-par season in Serie A. Bayern have been in touch with his representatives, although Juventus have also been in touch with Chelsea regarding a Romelu Lukaku plus cash swap. Another striker Bayern have long kept an eye on is Randal Kolo Muani at Eintracht Frankfurt, the €100m (£86m) asking price, despite matching the offer for Kane, is not something they want to pay. Rather, Paris Saint-Germain have emerged as favourites for France international Kolo Muani. Personal terms have already been agreed following talks over the weekend, with the club expected to follow suit and agree a transfer fee between them. PSG are also willing to offer Hugo Ekitike, whose loan from Reims was made permanent in June, in part-exchange.
