Everton inform Chelsea Anthony Gordon will not be sold this summer
Aug 31, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/everton-chelsea-anthony-gordon-will-not-be-sold
Everton have listened to the wishes of manager Frank Lampard and informed Chelsea that young midfielder Anthony Gordon will not be sold this summer, 90min understands. Chelsea have been chasing Gordon for the past month, beginning the bidding at £40m and ending up at £60m, but the two sides failed to agree on a fee and Lampard has long urged Everton to walk away from the negotiating table. Gordon has voiced his interest in leaving to join Chelsea but, privately, Lampard has told those in charge at Everton that losing the 21-year-old so late in the transfer window could leave the team at risk of falling into another relegation battle. Sources have now confirmed to 90min that Everton officials have accepted Lampard's opinion and have informed Chelsea that Gordon will not be sold this summer, no matter the offer. After Gordon scored in Everton's 1-1 draw with Leeds on Tuesday, Lampard said. "Anthony is too important a player. He has showed his worth in the last two games, it is too late [to sell]. He is going to be special. In the bigger picture, he has an affiliation with the fans. It is a process, can we build around that? "The interest in him is because he is a top player and why we are so keen to keep him. You saw the reasons why in the last two games. He is our player, he has come through, he is a very good player and will get better and better. "Adding goals is the next step and the hardest step. He is a special player for me. I am delighted." Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on all audio platforms and the 90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click here to download the episode in full! Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel remains a fan of Gordon but, with a deal now off the table, Blues officials are looking elsewhere.
