Middlesbrough braced for Premier League interest in Hayden Hackney
May 23, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/middlesbrough-braced-premier-league-interest-hayden-hackney
Middlesbrough’s Hayden Hackney is being watched by some of the Premier League’s biggest clubs after a hugely impressive campaign at The Riverside Stadium, 90min understands. The 20-year-old, who previously enjoyed a loan stint at Scunthorpe, has quickly become of Michael Carrick's most trusted performers after graduating from the club's youth academy, earning a regular place in midfield. Hackney signed a new long-term deal with Middlesbrough in December, but 90min understands that he could be rewarded with another contract such has been his progress. However, with the club failing to earn promotion to the Premier League after losing their two-legged play-off semi-final with Coventry, it does mean that a large offer could see him sold. Boro are not in a position financially to reject reasonable offers for their big names - they no longer receive financial assistance in the form of parachute payments - and it's expected that they will have to sell this summer to buy. Chuba Akpom, the club's leading goalscorer during 2022/23 with 28 Championship goals, is set to leave in a big money deal this summer, but Boro are fearful that Hackney’s form could attract some of the Premier League’s top clubs. feed 90min understands that Arsenal and Liverpool have both checked on the 20-year-old, while local rivals Newcastle, as well as Nottingham Forest and Leicester City, have also taken an interest in his recent performances. Hackney's international future is also the subject of contention, with England ready to take on Scotland this summer in a bid to commit him to the Three Lions. Having played for England at Under-15 level, Hackney - who qualifies for Scotland via his mother - was called up to their Under-21 squad in November and played. However, sources have told 90min that England want Hackney back in their fold and are ready to hand him a call-up to their Under-21 squad this summer - leaving the Teessider with a big decision to make.
