PSG continue talks with N'Golo Kante as Chelsea look to seal contract extension
Mar 27, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/psg-continue-talks-ngolo-kante-chelsea-contract-extension
Paris Saint-Germain have remained in contact with the representatives of Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante as they look to lure the Frenchman back to Ligue 1, 90min understands. But the Blues are confident they are close to agreeing an extension. Kante's current deal is set to expire at the end of the season and, after some initial obstacles in early negotiations, 90min reported in February that a major breakthrough had been made and an agreement over fresh terms is close to being struck. The 31-year-old is known to be happy in London and keen to remain in England's capital city. As such, he has always given priority to Chelsea when it comes to negotiating his future. Due to the time remaining on his current deal, however, Kante is free to speak with clubs from across Europe over a possible free transfer and sources have confirmed to 90min that PSG have not yet given up hope of convincing the midfielder to leave Stamford Bridge. The Ligue 1 giants have stayed in touch with Kante's representatives but, despite the pressure from PSG, Chelsea remain confident that they will finalise an extension for the 2018 World Cup winner in the near future, in a huge boost to manager Graham Potter. READ NEXT manual Potter has spoken openly of his excitement towards finally working with Kante, who has been out injured since the second week of the season but is inching closer to a long-awaited return to action. Kante has played 60 minutes in a behind-closed-doors friendly during the international break and could be back with the senior side when Aston Villa travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday. As for PSG, the Ligue 1 leaders are prepared to part ways with Renato Sanches this summer, with plenty of Premier League sides keen on the Portugal international. Indeed, 90min understands that Aston Villa, Liverpool, Newcastle, Tottenham and Wolves are all monitoring the situation, while former suitors AC Milan are prepared to reignite their interest as well. LISTEN NOW
