Eintracht Frankfurt's stance on selling PSG & Man Utd target Randal Kolo Muani
Mar 31, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/eintracht-frankfurt-stance-on-selling-psg-man-utd-target-randal-kolo-muani
Eintracht Frankfurt currently have no intention of selling Randal Kolo Muani despite interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs, sources have confirmed to 90min. The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions this season, including 11 in the Bundesliga, and stood out at the World Cup finals with France. Kolo Muani only joined last season's Europa League winners Frankfurt on a free transfer in the summer, after agreeing a five-year contract in March, but his form since arriving from Nantes has alerted a number of Europe's top clubs. Sources believe that the main interest in Kolo Muani is emerging from Paris Saint-Germain, while Serie A leaders Napoli consider him as a potential candidate to replace the highly-coveted Victor Osimhen. Barcelona and Atletico Madrid have also watched him regularly. 90min understands that Manchester United have also looked at Kolo Muani - though he is not believed to be one of their main targets - and so have Arsenal and Newcastle, but their preferred option at this time is Bayer Leverkusen's Moussa Diaby. feed One of the main issues for Kolo Muani, who recently hinted at a desire to join a big club, is that Frankfurt can't afford to lose of all their key players at the same time, and they are already bracing themselves for the departures of Evan Ndicka and Daichi Kamada, who are both out of contract this summer. Indeed, Frankfurt sporting director Markus Krosche has confirmed that the club do not want to lose Kolo Muani after just one season, though he did acknowledge that his stellar form is bound to have attracted interest. "Basically, we have no intention of giving up Randal Kolo Muani after just one year with us this summer,” he told Sport 1.  "But the hype about him is understandable and completely fine. He deserves it after his great performance. "We want to continue to walk the path together with him and not necessarily sell him. Another season with us would certainly do him good.” LISTEN NOW
