Things to know about Japan defender Takehiro Tomiyasu
Aug 31, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/things-to-know-japan-bologna-defender-takehiro-tomiyasu
Arsenal seemingly have hundreds of right-backs but none of them have cut the mustard so far, leading to them dipping into the transfer market for another one. Step forward Takehiro Tomiyasu, the Bologna man who will soon become Mikel Arteta's sixth signing of the summer transfer window.  Now, you may be wondering 'who on Earth is he?' Well, we've got you covered; here's what you should know about him.  Standing at 6'2", Tomiyasu is a very imposing presence at the back. What makes him even more dominating is his sheer strength and speed, making him the ideal modern-day defender.He also possesses an impressive aerial ability, adding quality in both penalty areas. As well as winning just under three aerial battles per 90 minutes in Serie A last campaign, the Japanese defender registered two goals. During the 2020/21 season, Tomiyasu played 17 games at centre back, 14 times at right back and twice at left back across all competitions.The 22-year is two footed and his combination of brutish physicality, defensive awareness, speed and technical prowess (all proven in the highlight reel above) allow him to perform anywhere across the back line. A post shared by 冨安健洋/Takehiro Tomiyasu (@tomiyasu.t) Tomiyasu had just turned 19 when he left his home country to sign for Belgian Pro League side Sint-Truiden in January 2018.In the summer of 2019, after his first full season in Belgium, Bologna snapped him up in a deal worth €9m. Talk about impact. A post shared by 冨安健洋/Takehiro Tomiyasu (@tomiyasu.t) Tomiyasu has been a component of Japan's international set up since the age of 13. He's represented his nation at every level from Under-14s up to the senior side, winning the Asian Football Confederation Under-19 Championships in 2016.Now, at just 22, the Bologna man has been capped 23 times at senior level and bagged one goal, becoming a first-choice option in the process.He partnered former Southampton player Maya Yoshida at the heart of defence as Japan thrashed Mongolia 14-0 back in March. A post shared by 冨安健洋/Takehiro Tomiyasu (@tomiyasu.t) Tomiyasu also formed part of Japan's 2020 Olympic squad, playing 90 minutes as the hosts romped to a 4-0 victory over France in their final group game. He followed this up with appearances in the quarter-finals and third-place playoff as his side just missed out on a medal.  Now, this one is quite staggering.22-year old Tomiyasu, having only made his international senior debut in October 2018, was named by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics in the Asian Football Confederation's team of the decade for 2011-2020.The defender was chosen alongside the likes of Yoshida, Keisuke Honda and Son-Heung min. If that doesn't scream potential to be a star, then I don't know what does.
