Xavi confirms Barcelona talks with Lewandowski; Dembele & De Jong latest
May 21, 2022
https://www.90min.com/posts/xavi-confirms-barcelona-talks-with-lewandowski-dembele-de-jong-latest
Barcelona head coach Xavi has admitted that talks are ongoing with Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski over a summer move to Camp Nou. The 33-year-old has a year remaining on his contract in Bavaria but is keen to leave the Bundesliga champions after eight seasons at the club. A number of Bayern officials have publicly asserted their expectation for Lewandowski to see out his contract, but his agent Pini Zahavi is continuing to explore potential transfer destinations - with Barcelona the frontrunners to land him. 90min understands the Pole has also been offered to Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham, although the Premier League quartet are yet to formalise their transfer window plans and haven't followed up with a proposal. A move to Barcelona, despite their financial woes, is on the table though and Xavi has admitted to the media that a move for Lewandowski is being considered. The Spaniard also discussed the futures of Ousmane Dembele and Frenkie de Jong, with the latter strongly linked with a reunion with new Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey & Toby Cudworth. On this week's agenda is Erling Haaland's transfer to Manchester City, Ralf Rangnick recommending Konrad Laimer to Manchester United and the latest on the contract situations of Youri Tielemans and Sadio Mane. "Yes, Lewandowski is an option," Xavi told reporters ahead of Barcelona's final game of the La Liga season against Villarreal. "He has already said he wants to leave, there are negotiations, but he still has a contract at his club. It won't be easy being Bayern, but it's an option." "It could be his last game or he could renew," Xavi added. "I like him, he can be hugely important in the future, but we will see what happens. "It comes down to the negotiations at the end of the day. It could be his last game [on Sunday], but not just his, many other players as well."
