Chelsea discussing personal terms with Ajax's Mohammed Kudus; Arsenal & Man Utd retain interest
Jul 25, 2023
https://www.90min.com/posts/chelsea-discussing-personal-terms-ajax-mohammed-kudus-arsenal-man-utd-retain-interest
Chelsea have held talks with the representatives of versatile Ajax star Mohammed Kudus, 90min understands, with both Arsenal and Manchester United keeping watch on the situation. The Ghana international, whose versatility sees him used regularly at striker, winger or in midfield, has entered the final two years of his contract in Amsterdam and a handful of European giants have voiced an interest in striking a deal. Sources have confirmed that Chelsea have made the first move this summer, reaching out to Kudus' entourage to discuss personal terms. Chelsea are confident that contract negotiations would not be an issue with Kudus and, now with an understanding of his demands, are considering their next move. The Blues are not believed to have made contact with Ajax at this point. Kudus' situation is being followed closely by a number of Premier League sides, including Manchester United, where former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is open to a reunion. feed The 22-year-old spent his final year under Ten Hag, the 2021/22 campaign, playing in central midfield but a switch to striker this season yielded a return of 18 goals and seven assists in 42 appearances - the sort of numbers which will undoubtedly appeal to a number of managers across Europe. While United are currently focused on landing Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund to address their goalscoring needs, Kudus is seen as a viable alternative and an attempt to sign both players has not yet been ruled out either. As 90min revealed in May, signing two strikers remains on the agenda for United. United are keeping informed of Kudus' situation alongside Arsenal, who are known admirers of the Ghanaian and keen to ensure they are up to date with any negotiations. 90min revealed last month that Brighton had also made contact with Kudus' representatives but the Seagulls are not currently his preferred option, with Kudus himself understood to be keen to explore a move to a more high-profile side at this point.
