Inter Miami & D.C. United chase ex-Liverpool star Daniel Sturridge 
Mar 29, 2021
https://www.90min.com/posts/inter-miami-d-c-united-chase-ex-liverpool-star-daniel-sturridge
MLS sides Inter Miami and D.C. United are battling it out to sign ex-Liverpool star Daniel Sturridge on a free transfer, as the striker continues his search for a new club since leaving Trabzonspor in March 2020.  The 31-year-old has been keeping himself fit since mutually terminating his contract in Turkey off the back of a four-month ban from the sport for breaching betting regulations, and he is attracting attention from a number of different teams.  And according to the Daily Mail, MLS sides Inter Miami and D.C. United are prepared to go to war with any potentially interested Premier League clubs to land Sturridge on a free transfer.  The former England international is waiting to see if any English top-flight clubs call upon his services ahead of the 2021/22 campaign, but he is also attracted to the idea of playing in the United States, given the constant evolution of MLS.  Sturridge managed seven goals in 16 appearances during his time with Trabzonspor, demonstrating that he still has the ability to succeed at a good level, if he can avoid his persistent injury issues.  Inter Miami franchise owner David Beckham will be desperate to get this deal over the line, and the ambitious boss recently told ESPN that a city like Miami can attract some of football's elite players, while name-dropping a trio of icons.  "When we announced Miami, there was always going to be talk about what players we were going to bring in, whether it was Ronaldo, Messi, Neymar," Beckham said.  "There was always going to be those discussions. I actually don't think it's a tough one for players to decide, to be honest, because it's a great place.  "Obviously, it's a great city, I feel like we've got a great fan base, but I also understand there's great talent in Miami and South Florida, and I think we have a real opportunity. Miami is a city that has that pull on players who have been playing in Europe that are big stars." 
