Juventus Chief Confirms Contract Talks for 'Important' Paulo Dybala
Jul 12, 2020
https://www.90min.com/posts/juventus-chief-confirms-contract-talks-for-important-paulo-dybala
Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici has confirmed that they are in talks with forward Paulo Dybala over a new contract. The 26-year-old has two years left on his current contract, but after a summer of major uncertainty which saw him linked with a move away, he has reestablished himself as one of I Bianconeri's top players. Despite scaring fans by revealing there had been no talks over a new deal in early June, negotiations over a new contract have since opened, and Paratici told DAZN (via Sky Sport Italia) that the Serie A giants still see Dybala as a core part of their team. "We are talking about renewal with his agent for a while now," Paratici said. "He is certainly a very important player, for whom a great investment was made already at the time of purchase.  "We have always believed in him and it is no coincidence that we assigned him the shirt number 10 which, given the list of tens in Juventus history, has a symbolic value for us. We hope, indeed we are sure, that Dybala will be the future of Juventus." Once Paulo Dybala gets it on to his left foot around the box, there's only one outcome! ?The Argentine had Lyanco on skates with that drop of the shoulder! ⛸Juve waste no time in grabbing the lead in the derby ⚫⚪ pic.twitter.com/zlualnXcpe Club officials have seen evidence that Dybala is once again happy at the Allianz Stadium after a few years of being miserable under former boss Massimiliano Allegri, and they intend to capitalise on that by accelerating talks. According to Calciomercato, Juventus are ready to hand Dybala close to €12m per year, similar to the wage earned by centre-back Matthijs de Ligt, and they see securing the Argentine's future as one of their top priorities. Dybala has managed 17 goals and 13 assists in all competitions this season, including five goals in his last six games, which has helped Juventus open up an eight-point lead at the top of the Serie A table.
